                              FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

                                                                                           Spray-Net Inc.
                                                                                 A Delaware Corporation
                                                                                        1490 De Coulomb
                                                                  Boucherville, Québec, Canada J4B 7M2
                                                                                   Phone: (877) 457-7729
                                                                                       info@spray-net.ca
                                                                                  www.spray-net.com/en

We offer and award franchises for the right to independently own and
operate a "Franchised Business" that: (i) offers and provides
proprietary and other spray painting and other coating services designed
for the exterior and interior of homes and other residential buildings
we permit, including doors, windows, masonry and sidings, as a unique
alternative renovation solution to various "traditional" renovation and
remolding methods such as construction, masonry and/or vinyl siding, as
well as other services and products we authorize; and (ii) is operated
utilizing (a) the then-current proprietary marks we designate, including
our current principal mark SPRAY-NET, and (b) the system of business
operations we and our principals/affiliates have developer, including a
designated trailer that will serve as your "Mobile Services Unit" and
related equipment and tools.

The total investment necessary to begin operation of a Franchised
Business within a single territory ranges from \$191,015 to \$255,415.
This includes \$105,740 to \$118,540 that must be paid to franchisor or
its affiliates. The total investment necessary to begin operation of a
Franchised Business within two to three territories ranges from
\$236,015 to \$345,415. This includes \$150,740 to \$208,540 that must
be paid to franchisor or its affiliates.

This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise
agreement and other information in plain English. Read this disclosure
document and all accompanying agreements carefully. You must receive
this disclosure document at least 14 calendar days before you sign a
binding agreement with, or make any payment to, the franchisor or an
affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale. Note, however,
that no governmental agency has verified the information contained in
this disclosure document, the franchise agreement or any other related
document.

You may wish to receive your disclosure document in another format that
is more convenient for you. To discuss the availability of disclosures
in different formats, contact Kevin Houben at kevin@spray-net.com or
(877) 457-7729.

The terms of your franchise agreement will govern your franchise
relationship. Don't rely on the disclosure document alone to understand
your contracts. Read all of your contracts carefully. Show your
contracts and this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or
an accountant.

Buying a franchise is a complex investment. The information in this
disclosure document can help you make up your mind. More information on
franchising, such as "A Consumer's Guide to Buying a Franchise," which
can help you understand how to use this disclosure document, is
available from the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC"). You can contact
the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or by writing to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania
Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20580. You can also visit the FTC's home
page at www.ftc.gov for additional information. Call your state agency
or visit your public library for other sources of information on
franchising.

There may also be laws on franchising in your state. Ask your state
agencies about them.

Issuance Date: April 21, 2025

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  How to Use This
Franchise Disclosure Document

    Here are some questions you may be asking about buying a franchise and tips on how to
    find more information:

QUESTION WHERE TO FIND INFORMATION

How much can I earn? Item 19 may give you information about outlet
sales, costs, profits or losses. You should also try to obtain this
information from others, like current and former franchisees. You can
find their names and contact information in Item 20 or Exhibits G and H.

How much will I need to invest? Items 5 and 6 list fees you will be
paying to the franchisor or at the franchisor's direction. Item 7 lists
the initial investment to open. Item 8 describes the suppliers you must
use.

Does the franchisor have the financial Item 21 or Exhibit C includes
financial statements. ability to provide support to my business? Review
these statements carefully.

Is the franchise system stable, growing, or Item 20 summarizes the
recent history of the number shrinking? of company-owned and franchised
outlets.

Will my business be the only Spray-Net Item 12 and the "territory"
provisions in the business in my area? franchise agreement describe
whether the franchisor and other franchisees can compete with you.

Does the franchise have a troubled legal Items 3 and 4 tell you whether
the franchisor or its history? management have been involved in material
litigation or bankruptcy proceedings.

What's it like to be a Spray-Net Item 20 or Exhibits G and H lists
current and former franchisee? franchisees. You can contact them to ask
about their experiences.

What else should I know? These questions are only a few things you
should look for. Review all 23 Items and all Exhibits in this disclosure
document to better understand this franchise opportunity. See the table
of contents.

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
    2025 Franchise Disclosure Document

What You Need To Know About Franchising Generally

Continuing responsibility to pay fees. You may have to pay royalties and
other fees even if you are losing money.

Business model can change. The franchise agreement may allow the
franchisor to change its manuals and business model without your
consent. These changes may require you to make additional investments in
your franchise business or may harm your franchise business.

Supplier restrictions. You may have to buy or lease items from the
franchisor or a limited group of suppliers the franchisor designates.
These items may be more expensive than similar items you could buy on
your own.

Operating restrictions. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from
operating a similar business during the term of the franchise. There are
usually other restrictions. Some examples may include controlling your
location, your access to customers, what you sell, how you market, and
your hours of operation.

Competition from franchisor. Even if the franchise agreement grants you
a territory, the franchisor may have the right to compete with you in
your territory.

Renewal. Your franchise agreement may not permit you to renew. Even if
it does, you may have to sign a new agreement with different terms and
conditions in order to continue to operate your franchise business.

When your franchise ends. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from
operating a similar business after your franchise ends even if you still
have obligations to your landlord or other creditors.

                               Some States Require Registration

       Your state may have a franchise law, or other law, that requires franchisor to register

before offering or selling franchises in the state. Registration does
not mean that the state recommends that franchise or has verified the
information in this document. To find out if your state has registration
requirements, or to contact your state, use the agency information in
Exhibits D and E.

      Your state also may have laws that require special disclosures or amendments be

made to your franchise agreement. If so, you should check the State
Specific Addenda. See the Table of Contents for the location of the
State Specific Addenda.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  Special Risks
to Consider About This Franchise

Certain states require that the following risk(s) be highlighted:

    1. Out-of-State Dispute Resolution. The franchise agreement requires you to resolve
       disputes with the franchisor by mediation and/or litigation only in Delaware. Out-
       of-state mediation or litigation may force you to accept a less favorable settlement
       for disputes. It may also cost more to mediate or litigate with the franchisor in
       Delaware than in your own states.

    2. Sales Performance Required. You must maintain minimum sales performance
       levels. Your inability to maintain these levels may result in loss of any territorial
       rights you are granted, termination of your franchise, and loss of your investment.

    3. Financial Condition. The Franchisor’s financial condition, as reflected in its
       financial statements (see Item 21) calls into question the Franchisor’s financial
       ability to provide services and support to you.

    4. Mandatory Minimum Payments. You must make minimum royalty or advertising
       fund payments regardless of your sales levels. Your inability to make payments may
       result in termination of your franchise and loss of your investment.

     Certain states may require other risks to be highlighted. Check the “State Specific

Addenda" (if any) to see whether your state requires other risks to be
highlighted.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  (THE FOLLOWING
APPLIES TO TRANSACTIONS GOVERNED BY THE MICHIGAN FRANCHISE INVESTMENT
LAW ONLY)

     THE STATE OF MICHIGAN PROHIBITS CERTAIN UNFAIR PROVISIONS THAT

ARE SOMETIMES IN FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS
ARE IN THESE FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS ARE VOID AND CANNOT BE
ENFORCED AGAINST YOU.

        Each of the following provisions is void and unenforceable if contained in any documents

relating to a franchise:

        (a)     A prohibition on the right of a franchisee to join an association of franchisees.

        (b)    A requirement that a franchisee assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver,

or estoppel which deprives a franchisee of rights and protection
provided in this act. This shall not preclude a franchisee, after
entering into a franchise agreement, from settling any and all claims.

         (c)    A provision that permits a franchisor to terminate a franchise prior to the expiration

of its term except for good cause. Good cause shall include the failure
of the franchisee to comply with any lawful provision of the franchise
agreement and to cure such failure after being given written notice
thereof and a reasonable opportunity, which in no event need be more
than 30 days, to cure such failure.

        (d)     A provision that permits a franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise without fairly

compensating the franchisee by repurchase or other means for the fair
market value at the time of expiration of the franchisee's inventory,
supplies, equipment, fixtures, and furnishings. Personalized materials
which have no value to the franchisor and inventory, supplies,
equipment, fixtures, and furnishings not reasonably required in the
conduct of the franchise business are not subject to compensation. This
subsection applies only if: (i) the term of the franchise is less than 5
years and (ii) the franchisee is prohibited by the franchise or other
agreement from continuing to conduct substantially the same business
under another trademark, service mark, trade name, logotype,
advertising, or other commercial symbol in the same area subsequent to
the expiration of the franchise or the franchisee does not receive at
least 6 months advance notice of franchisor's intent not to renew the
franchise.

        (e)    A provision that permits the franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise on terms

generally available to other franchisees of the same class or type under
similar circumstances. This section does not require a renewal
provision.

       (f)     A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside this state.

This shall not preclude the franchisee from entering into an agreement,
at the time of arbitration, to conduct arbitration at a location outside
this state.

        (g)    A provision which permits a franchisor to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership

of a franchise, except for good cause. This subdivision does not prevent
a franchisor from exercising a right of first refusal to purchase the
franchise. Good cause shall include, but is not limited to:

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  (i) The failure
of the proposed transferee to meet the franchisor's then-current
reasonable qualifications or standards.

        (ii)    The fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of the franchisor or sub-
                franchisor.

        (iii)   The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with all
                lawful obligations.

        (iv)    The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to the
                franchisor or to cure any default in the franchise agreement existing at the time of
                the proposed transfer.

        (h)     A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not

uniquely identified with the franchisor. This subdivision does not
prohibit a provision that grants to a franchisor a right of first
refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the same terms and
conditions as a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those
assets, nor does this subdivision prohibit a provision that grants the
franchisor the right to acquire the assets of a franchise for the market
or appraised value of such assets if the franchisee has breached the
lawful provisions of the franchise agreement and has failed to cure the
breach in the manner provided in subdivision (c).

       (i)     A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign,

or otherwise transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations
to the franchisee unless provision has been made for providing the
required contractual services.

        If the franchisor’s most recent financial statements are unaudited and show a net worth of

less than \$100,000, the franchisee may request the franchisor to
arrange for the escrow of initial investment and other funds paid by the
franchisee until the obligations, if any, of the franchisor to provide
real estate, improvements, equipment, inventory, training or other items
included in the franchise offering are fulfilled. At the option of the
franchisor, a surety bond may be provided in place of escrow.

     THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH THE

ATTORNEY GENERAL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION, OR
ENDORSEMENT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.

        Any questions regarding this notice should be directed to:

        State of Michigan Department of Attorney General
        G. Mennen Williams Building, 7th Floor
        525 W. Ottawa Street
        Lansing, Michigan 48909
        Telephone Number: (517) 373-7117

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  TABLE OF
CONTENTS

ITEM PAGE

ITEM 1 THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES
.............................................................................................................................
1 ITEM 2 BUSINESS
EXPERIENCE.......................................................................................................
4 ITEM 3 LITIGATION
............................................................................................................................
4 ITEM 4 BANKRUPTCY
........................................................................................................................
5 ITEM 5 INITIAL FEE
............................................................................................................................
5 ITEM 6 OTHER FEES
...........................................................................................................................
7 ITEM 7 ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT
..................................................................................
15 ITEM 8 RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND
SERVICES.................................... 18 ITEM 9 FRANCHISEE'S
OBLIGATIONS
...........................................................................................
21 ITEM 10 FINANCING
...........................................................................................................................
22 ITEM 11 FRANCHISOR'S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND
TRAINING
..............................................................................................................................
22 ITEM 12 TERRITORY
..........................................................................................................................
30 ITEM 13 TRADEMARKS
.....................................................................................................................
34 ITEM 14 PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
................................. 36 ITEM 15. OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE
IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS
.......................................................................................................
37 ITEM 16 RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL
.......................................... 38 ITEM 17 RENEWAL,
TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION .................... 40
ITEM 18 PUBLIC FIGURES
.................................................................................................................
45 ITEM 19 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS
....................................................... 45 ITEM 20
OUTLETS AND FRANCHISEE INFORMATION
............................................................... 50 ITEM
21 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
................................................................................................
52 ITEM 22 CONTRACTS
.........................................................................................................................
52 ITEM 23. RECEIPTS
..............................................................................................................................
52

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  EXHIBITS

Franchise Agreement
................................................................................................................................
A Operations Manual Table of Contents
.....................................................................................................
B

Financial Statements.
................................................................................................................................
C

List of State Administrators
......................................................................................................................
D

List of Agents for Service of Process
.......................................................................................................
E

State Specific Addenda
..............................................................................................................................
F

List of Franchisees
....................................................................................................................................
G

List of Former Franchisees
.......................................................................................................................
H

Sample Release Agreement
........................................................................................................................I

State Effective
Dates...................................................................................................J

Receipts.....................................................................................................................................................
K

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  ITEM 1 THE
FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES

The Franchisor is Spray-Net Inc. For ease of reference this Disclosure
Document will refer to Spray-Net Inc. as "we," "us" "our" and
"Spray-Net." The words "you" and "your" refer to the person to whom we
grant a franchise, whether you are a corporation, limited liability
company or other business entity. If you are a corporation, limited
liability company or other business entity, certain provisions of our
franchise agreement attached as Exhibit A (the "Franchise Agreement")
also apply to your owners and will be noted.

The Franchisor

We are a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on
September 13, 2016. Our principal place of business is 1490 De Coulomb
Street, Boucherville J4B 7M2 in Quebec, Canada. We have only done
business under our corporate name and our Proprietary Marks.

As disclosed more fully below, our affiliate, SN Franchisor Canada, has
offered franchises for the right to own and operate Businesses in
Canada. As of December 31, 2024, there were 27 franchised Businesses
operating in Canada (each, a "CN Business"). The CN Businesses are
operated in a substantially similar manner to the franchise being
offering in this Disclosure Document utilizing the Proprietary Marks and
System.

Please note that while we first issued a Disclosure Document in
September 2016, we did not commence actively offering and awarding
franchises for the right to operate a Business in the United States
until late 2019 so that the brand could first focus on further
developing and supporting the franchise network and System in Canada.

We have not offered or sold franchises in any other line of business
and, as of the Issuance Date, we have not been involved in any material
business activity unrelated to the administration of the franchise
system.

The Franchised Business

As previously disclosed, this Disclosure Document is for the right to
own and operate a franchised Business utilizing our then-current
Proprietary Marks and System (each, a "Franchised Business") under our
form of franchise agreement included in this offering in Exhibit A (the
"Franchise Agreement").

Each Franchised Business is authorized and required to actively promote,
offer and provide our then-current spray painting /coating and the other
initial Approved Services our new System franchisees may and must
provide utilizing: (i) a mobile trailer cart that is outfitted and
equipped with the equipment we specify as part of our then-current
System standards, which we previously referred "Mobile Service Unit";
(ii) the paint, stain, coating and/or other inventory we specify or
approve for use to complete a Client project (collectively, the
"Approved Products"), some of which may be proprietary and/or branded
with our Proprietary Marks (the "Proprietary Products"); and (iii) the
System methodologies, directives, standards and specifications that are
(a) found in our proprietary operations and other manuals (the
"Manuals") or otherwise in writing, and/or (b) associated with the
initial training you must attend and complete prior to commencing
operation of your Franchised Business and any subsequent training.

We may update, supplement or otherwise modify the Approved Services that
your Franchised Business may or must provide, including any "Ancillary
Services" that you become eligible to provide once you have (a) been
operating your Franchised Business in compliance with your Franchise
Agreement for a period of at least six (6) months, and (b) otherwise
demonstrated to us that you are capable of providing the initial
Approved Services without a Client complaint or other issue. 1

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document Our standard
franchise offering assumes and expects that you will initially launch
and commence operations of your Franchised Business from a home office
(the "Home Office"). We typically require that your Home Office (home
office or otherwise) be located within your Territory, but we may waive
that requirement on a case-by-case basis. Regardless, you must be
permitted to park and/or store your Mobile Service Unit and the vehicle
we approve to tow that unit and equipment (the "Approved Vehicle") at
your Home Office.

Under your Franchise Agreement, you will be awarded a geographical area
where you will be authorized and required to (a) actively promote,
market and advertise your Franchised Business, and (b) offer and provide
the Approved Services and Approved Products (your "Designated
Territory").

We also offer, to qualified franchisees, the opportunity to develop
multiple Designated Territories under the same Franchised Agreement. You
will not sign a Multi-Unit Development Agreement or Area Development
Agreement for the operation of a Spray-Net Franchised Business because
you will only be operating a Spray-Net Franchised Business across
multiple territories. To be eligible to develop multiple Designated
Territories, you must agree to open between a minimum of 2 Designated
Territories and a maximum of 3 Designated Territories.

Please note that any individual that you intend or expect to provide any
of the Approved Services and Approved Products (each, a "SN Specialist")
involving any of our trade secrets, patented intellectual property
and/or other proprietary/confidential information (collectively, the
"Confidential Information") must first (i) attend and complete the
relevant components of our initial training program that we designate as
necessary to provide the services or products at issue, (ii) provide you
with a signed copy of confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement
(prior to attending such training), and (iii) receive a written notice
from us acknowledging successful completion of the training and
detailing the specific Approved Services and/or Approved Products the
individual is able to provide.

Our Parents, Predecessors and any Affiliates

Our parent company, Spray-Net International, Inc., ("SN International")
is a Canadian corporation incorporated on February 3, 2016. SN
International was originally incorporated under the name Spray-Net USA,
Inc. but changed its name on August 16, 2016.

Our affiliate, Spray-Net Franchises Inc./Les Franchises Spray-Net
Inc. ("SN Franchisor Canada") was incorporated on November 19, 2013
under the laws of Quebec and has a principal business address at 1490 De
Coulomb Street, Boucherville, Quebec, Canada J4B 7M2. SN Franchisor
Canada offers franchises in certain provinces in Canada similar to the
Franchised Business. As of December 31, 2023, SN Franchisor Canada had
26 franchises (the "Existing CN Businesses") open and actively
operating.

Our affiliate, Entretien Esthétique Extérieur: Spray-Net Inc. ("SN
Quebec") was incorporated on March 15, 2010 under the laws of Quebec and
has a principal business address at 1490 De Coulomb Street,
Boucherville, Quebec, Canada J4B 7M2. SN Quebec operates a business
similar to the Franchised Business in the Province of Quebec, Canada. SN
Quebec licenses us the right to use, and sublicense our franchisees in
the United States to use, the Proprietary Marks and System.

Our affiliate, Spray-Net Distribution Inc. ("SN Distribution") was
incorporated on March 9, 2016 under the laws of Canada and has a
principal business address at 1490 De Coulomb Street, Boucherville,
Quebec, Canada J4B 7M2. SN Distribution distributes paint products and
equipment to Spray-Net franchisees operating in Canada and we reserve
the right to have them be our designated approved supplier for
Proprietary Products and other inventory that our System franchisees in
the United States must acquire and utilize in connection with their
Franchised Businesses. As of the Issuance Date, we expect and intend
that

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 2 SN
Distribution will also be a designated supplier for Proprietary Products
and other inventory to our System franchisees in the United States.

Our affiliate, Groupe Spray-Net, Inc. ("Groupe Spray-Net") was
incorporated on November 19, 2013 under the laws of Quebec and has a
principal business address at 1490 De Coulomb Street, Boucherville,
Quebec, Canada J4B 7M2. Groupe Spray-Net is the parent company for SN
Franchisor Canada, SN Quebec, SN Marketing SN Distribution and SN
Paints.

Except as stated above, we do not have any other affiliates that require
disclosure in this Item 1.

General Description of the Market and Competition

You will target your services to homeowners. You may have to compete
with other businesses including franchised operations, national chains,
and independently owned companies offering similar products or services
to customers. Changes in local and national economic conditions and
population density affect this industry and are generally difficult to
predict. You will face other business risks that could have an adverse
effect on your business, including pricing policies of competitors,
changes to laws or regulations, changes in supply and demand, new
technologies and competition from internet-based organizations that
provide information and some related services or products. Our ability
to fulfill our obligations under the Franchise Agreement depends in part
on our present and future financial condition. Litigation risks also
exist, including future litigation that may not be predicted.

Regulations Specific to the Industry

Most states and local jurisdictions have enacted laws, rules,
regulations and ordinances that may apply to the operation of your
business, including those that: (a) establish general standards,
specifications and requirements for the construction, design and
maintenance of the business premises; (b) regulate matters affecting the
health, safety and welfare of your customers, such as restrictions on
smoking and availability of and requirements for public accommodations,
including restrooms; (c) set standards pertaining to employee health and
safety; (d) regulate matters affecting requirements for accommodations
for disabled persons; (e) set standards and requirements for fire safety
and general emergency preparedness; and (f) set standards and
regulations regarding the licenses and permits necessary to operate a
painting business as a contractor. You must investigate and comply with
all of these applicable laws and regulations, as we have not
investigated any laws or regulations to determine whether they are
applicable to the operation of your Franchised Business. You are
responsible for complying with all applicable laws and regulations,
despite any advice or information that we may give you.

Agents for Service of Process

Our agent for service of process is The Corporation Trust Company at
1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801. Our
state agents for service of process are disclosed on Exhibit E to this
Disclosure Document.

                                              ITEM 2
                                       BUSINESS EXPERIENCE

Chief Executive Officer: Carmelo Marsala

Mr. Marsala is our Chief Executive Officer and has been since our
inception in September 2016. In addition, Mr. Marsala has served as the
President and CEO of the following former or current related companies
of Franchisor: (i) SN Distribution and SN Distribution USA, located in
Quebec, Canada, since

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 3 March 2016;
(ii) SN Franchisor Canada in Quebec, Canada since April 2014; (iii) SN
Franchisor Quebec in Quebec Canada since June 2013; (iv) SN Quebec in
Quebec, Canada since February 2010; and (v) Groupe Spray-Net in Quebec,
Canada since November 2013.

Vice President of Distribution: David Garofano

Mr. Garofano has served as the Vice President of Purchasing and
Distribution for us and SN Franchisor Canada since January 2015 in
Boucherville, Quebec.

Chief Operating Officer: Patrick Simpson

Mr. Simpson has served as the Chief Operating Officer of us and SN
Franchisor Canada since October 2018 in Boucherville, Quebec. Prior to
that time, he operated his own contracting company from March 2009 to
October 2018 in Brossard, Quebec.

Senior Vice President of Operations: Kevin Houben

Mr. Houben has served as our Senior Vice President of Operations since
December 2024 in Miami, Florida. From September 2023 to November 2024,
he served as the Vice President of Operations of WOW 1 Day Painting in
Vancouver, British Columbia. From February 2023 to August 2023,
Mr. Houben served as the Vice President of Operations of Rolling Suds in
Nashville, Tennessee. From December 2022 to February 2023, he took a
sabbatical between positions. From October 2021 to December 2022,
Mr. Houben served as our Vice President of Operations in Miami, Florida.
Prior to that, he was the Director of Operations of Handyman Connection
in Blue Ash, Ohio from January 2017 to October 2021.

Director of Research and Development: Peiman Arabi

Mr. Arabi has been the Director of Research and Development for us and
SN Franchisor Canada since February 2016 in Boucherville, Quebec.

Marketing Director: Csilla Bacsfalusi

Ms. Bacsfalusi has served as the Marketing Director for us and SN
Franchisor Canada since November 2024. From June 2022 to November 2024,
she was the Director of Workplace Technology for us and SN Franchisor
Canada. From February 2021 to June 2022, Ms. Bacsfalusi served as the
Marketing Manager for us and SN Franchisor Canada. Prior to that, she
was the CX Manager for us and SN Franchisor Canada from August 2019 to
February 2021. Her roles have all been performed from Boucherville,
Quebec.

Director of Franchise Development: Gabriel Toupin

Mr. Toupin has been the Director of Franchise Development for us and SN
Franchisor Canada since December 2023. From April 2021 to November 2023,
he served as a Franchise Business Coach for us and SN Franchisor Canada
in Boucherville, Quebec. From January 2020 to March 2021, he served as a
Production Manager for Probois in Quebec. Mr. Toupin was also a Canadian
Spray-Net franchisee from November 2018 to December 2020 in Montreal.

Franchise Business Coach: Bruce Seguin

Mr. Seguin has served as our Franchise Business Coach since January 2023
in Tampa, Florida. From January 2019 to December 2022, he served as a
Franchise Field Trainer for SN Franchisor Canada in Montreal, Quebec.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 4 Franchise
Business Coach: Jonathan Lampron

Mr. Lampron has served as a Franchise Business Coach for us and SN
Franchisor Canada since September 2020 in Boucherville, Quebec.
Simultaneously, he has also served as a Regional Director for us and SN
Franchisor Canada since April 2020. From October 2018 to March 2020, he
served as a Waiter & Manager at Allo Mon Coco in Gatineau, Quebec. From
February 2019 to March 2020, Mr. Lampron served as a Waiter & Manager at
Belle et la Bouef in Gatineau, Quebec. From November 2017 to February
2019, Mr. Lampron served as a Waiter & Manager at L'academie in
Gatineau, Quebec. From December 2016 to November 2017, he served as a
Manager at L'academie in Gatineau, Quebec.

                                                  ITEM 3
                                                LITIGATION

9202137 Canada Inc. and its principal Patricia Joyce v. Spray-Net
Canada, Inc. and Carmelo Marsala (collectively, "SN Canada"),
Arbitration Proceeding. In or around February 2019, a former franchisee
of SN Canada commenced this proceeding alleging that the Franchise
Disclosure Document disclosed by SN Canada was materially deficient
seeking rescission and corresponding damages. SN Canada has filed its
response to the former franchisee's notice of arbitration, and the
parties are currently waiting for an arbitrator to be assigned. SN
Canada intends to continue vigorously defending against this proceeding
on the grounds that the former franchisee's claims are without merit.

Other than this action, no litigation is required to be disclosed in
this Item. ITEM 4 BANKRUPTCY

No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item.

                                                  ITEM 5
                                               INITIAL FEES

Initial Franchise Fee

You must pay us an initial franchise fee amounting to \$54,500 (the
"Initial Franchise Fee"), which is deemed fully earned upon execution of
your Franchise Agreement and we have the right to collect in a lump sum
payment at that time. You may purchase additional Territories based on
the table below. Upon approval by us, you may also purchase additional
population between such levels for \$0.66 per additional household.

            Number of        Total Number of        Initial Franchise      Cumulative Franchise
            Designated         Households                   Fee                    Fee
            Territories

                 1                 75,000                 $54,500                 $54,500

                 2                150,000                 $45,000                 $99,500

                 3                225,000                 $45,000                 $144,500

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 5 During the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, the Initial Franchise Fee was
uniformly imposed. If you do not complete our initial training program
to our satisfaction, we may terminate the franchise agreement and return
the Initial Franchise Fee and 50% of the Training Fee to you in exchange
for a release and confidentiality agreement.

Initial Training Fee

You must pay us a fee in connection with the initial training that we
provide to you or, if Franchisee is an entity, your operating principal
prior to and around the time you initially launch your Franchised
Business amounting to \$15,000 (the "Initial Training Fee"), which shall
be deemed fully earned and non-refundable upon signing of the Franchise
Agreement.

Marketing Kit

You must pay us approximately \$5,000 to \$8,000 for the initial package
of business supplies such as uniforms, marketing brochures, letterhead
and business cards (the "Marketing Kit"), which will be due and deemed
fully earned upon and execution of your Franchise Agreement.

Production Supplies Kit Prior to opening, you must purchase a
"Production Supplies Kit" from us, which includes everything you need to
complete your initial production training jobs. The cost of the
Production Supplies Kit is approximately \$10,700 to \$11,500.

Sales Kit Prior to opening, you must purchase a "Sales Kit" from us,
consisting of sample boards, paint color charts, bags, polos, other
clothing needs, and more. The cost of the Sales Kit is approximately
\$7,500 to \$8,500.

Spray-Pal When you commence operation of the Franchised Business, you
will begin paying us \$40 per month for access to the "Spray-Pal"
software, which uses an AI-powered chatbot to instantly answer common
franchisee or franchisee employee questions, acting like a virtual
assistant that helps automate support and improve response times -- no
human needed for routine inquiries. You will continue paying this to us
throughout the term of the Franchise Agreement.

Home-Show Booth and Spray-Booth

You must pay us approximately \$3,000 to \$4,000 in connection with the
purchase of a spray-booth (the "Spray-Booth") and approximately \$6,000
to \$8,000 in connection with the home show booth ("Home- Show Booth")
that you will use in the operation of your Franchised Business. The
Spray-Booth is included under the estimate for Equipment below in Item
7.

Initial Marketing Investment

Out of your total Initial Marketing Investment, you will pay us between
\$1,000 to \$5,000 per Designated Territory that you purchase. While the
Initial Marketing Investment will be paid to our approved or designated
third-party suppliers for these kinds of services, we expect and intend
to collect this amount directly from you and may keep a portion of the
Initial Marketing Investment as consideration for managing the placement
and suppliers associated with this initial marketing and related
activities designed to (a) increase visibility of the Franchised
Business within your Designated Territory, and/or (b) generate
prospective client interest and sales appointments prior to and up
through the opening and initial operations of your Franchised Business.
Because we impose and collect this amount from you prior to opening,
your

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 6 Initial
Marketing Investment is disclosed in this Item. This portion and
remainder of the Initial Marketing Investment is due upon execution of
your Franchise Agreement unless we agree otherwise in writing.

Computer Hardware

You must pay us, an Approved Supplier or third party between \$1,000 to
\$2,000 in connection with the purchase of computer hardware that you
will use in the operation of your Franchised Business.

Business Management Software

When you commence operation of your Franchised Business, you will pay us
\$350 per month plus 0.25% of Gross Sales for business management and
project/sales tracking software that we have developed and branded for
use in connection with the System. You will pay us \$1,050 over the
first three months of operation of your Franchised Business, assuming
you have no Gross Sales during that time.

Call Center Fees

Beginning when you open your Franchised Business, you will pay us \$290
per month for use of our Call Center, which we require our franchisees
to use for receiving customer calls.

Veteran Discount

We currently offer a 10% discount to qualifying military veterans. The
military discount is available to veterans who have received a discharge
(other than dishonorable) as well as any active-duty personnel. If the
franchisee is a corporation, limited liability company, or other legal
entity, the veteran participant must maintain at least 51% ownership
interest in the entity to qualify for this discount. To apply for the
discount, you must provide us a copy of form DD-214, reflecting your
military status, before the Franchise Agreement is signed.

Uniformity

Except as provided in this Item, we expect and intend to impose the fees
above uniformly on our System franchisees. Except as specifically
stated, all of the fees listed in this Item 5 are non-refundable.

                                                 ITEM 6
                                               OTHER FEES

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 7  Name of Fee
Amount1 Due Date Remarks Royalty 7% of (i) your Gross Sales2 Payable as
we Your Royalty Fee will commence generated by your Franchised determine
each once your Franchised Business Business or (ii) your Minimum Monday
afternoon commences operations and/or Gross Sales2, whichever is
following the end of otherwise begins generating greater. the previous
Business revenue. Week. Currently collected via Please see Item 12 below
for GoCardless. additional information on the Minimum Gross Sales you
will be required to generate under your Franchise Agreement. Your
Royalty is equal to 7% of (i) your Gross Sales or (ii) the applicable
Minimum Gross Revenue, whichever is greater.

                                                                                    As a general matter, your
                                                                                    applicable Minimum Gross Sales
                                                                                    will vary based on (a) how long
                                                                                    you have been operating your
                                                                                    Franchised Business and (b) how
                                                                                    many Designated Territories you
                                                                                    have purchased under your
                                                                                    Franchise Agreement. See Note 2
                                                                                    for a chart summarizing Minimum
                                                                                    Gross Sales requirements.

Ongoing Product Varies based on sales within Payable prior to, or at,
You are required to purchase our Purchases your Designated Territory
delivery Proprietary Products on an ongoing basis as necessary to
service your customers. We may also require you to purchase additional
items from us or our affiliate as necessary to service your customers.
See Item 8 of this disclosure document for additional information.

     ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
     2025 Franchise Disclosure Document              8

Name of Fee Amount1 Due Date Remarks Local Advertising A fixed amount
based on the As we determine Your Local Advertising Requirement number
of Designated Territories appropriate and Requirement must be expended
as ("LAR") you have purchased and the provide you with we direct or
otherwise authorize. length of time your Franchised notice of in the You
must expend at least 75% of Business has been in operation4 Manuals or
otherwise your Local Advertising in writing. If paid to Requirement on
digital marketing, us, currently collected advertising and promotional
via GoCardless. campaigns and/or any other related advertising/marketing
services that must be acquired or purchased from one (1) or more
Approved Suppliers we designate as described below in this Item.

                                                                                  We currently have various third-
                                                                                  party Approved Suppliers to
                                                                                  which you will be required to pay
                                                                                  certain portions of your Local
                                                                                  Advertising Requirement funds
                                                                                  for different digital and other
                                                                                  marketing services/content you
                                                                                  must utilize in connection with
                                                                                  your     Franchised      Business.
                                                                                  Currently, we are the only
                                                                                  Approved Supplier for your
                                                                                  digital marketing. We may engage
                                                                                  a vendor to provide these services.
                                                                                  Whether we provide the digital
                                                                                  marketing services or engage a
                                                                                  vendor to provide them, we will
                                                                                  collect the Production Fee
                                                                                  disclosed below. At our request,
                                                                                  you must provide us with written
                                                                                  reports detailing your Local
                                                                                  Advertising           Requirement
                                                                                  expenditures so we can determine
                                                                                  compliance, along with all
                                                                                  supporting invoices and other
                                                                                  documentation.




     ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
     2025 Franchise Disclosure Document             9

Name of Fee Amount1 Due Date Remarks Digital Marketing At least 75% of
your Local Payable as we You must pay us a minimum Spend Advertising
Requirement4 determine on the 1st of monthly amount equal to 75% of each
month. Currently your Local Advertising collected via Requirement for
digital GoCardless. marketing. You may spend more than this in your
discretion. This amount will go entirely toward advertising costs on
digital platforms. We may engage a vendor for digital marketing services
or provide them ourselves. We are currently the only Approved Supplier
for digital marketing services. You will pay us a Production Fee as
described below for the management of your digital marketing and
placement of advertising. During your first and second years of
operation, the Digital Marketing Spend is subsidized slightly.
Production Fee The then-current Production Fee Monthly on the 1st of The
Production Fee is paid to us to based on the number of each month run
all of your digital marketing Designated Territories, subject to
campaigns. We may engage a a maximum amount4 vendor for digital
marketing services. Whether we perform the digital marketing services
ourselves or engage a vendor for them, we will assess the Production
Fee. We reserve the right to increase the Production Fee as costs and
other economic factors may change over time. The Production Fee is
subsidized (reduced) by 30% during your first year of operation.

     ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
     2025 Franchise Disclosure Document               10

Name of Fee Amount1 Due Date Remarks Initial Marketing \$15,000 to
\$40,000, depending Upon execution of the While the Initial Marketing
Investment on the number of Designated Franchise Agreement Investment
will be paid out to our Territories you purchase.5 and according to a
approved or designated third- specific timeline party suppliers for
these kinds of depending upon the services, we expect and intend to
number of Designated collect this amount directly from Territories you
you and may keep a portion of the purchase. If paid to us, Initial
Marketing Investment as currently collected via consideration for
managing the GoCardless. placement and suppliers associated with this
initial marketing and related activities designed to (a) increase
visibility of the Franchised Business within your Designated Territory,
and/or (b) generate prospective client interest and sales appointments
prior to and up through the opening and initial operations of your
Franchised Business.

Contribution to 2% of Gross Sales; subject to a Payable as we We have
established a brand Brand minimum amount. determine on the 1st of
development fund (the "Fund") Development Fund each month. Currently for
purposes of promoting, (the "Fund") The minimum amount is based
collected via marketing, advertising and on the number of Designated
GoCardless. otherwise developing the System, Territories you have
purchased Proprietary Marks, Approved and the length of time your
Services and our brand generally, Franchised Business has been in as we
determine appropriate. operation We will administer the Fund and will
provide you with prior written notice of any change to your Fund
Contribution. Spray-Pal Then-current fee charged by the Monthly after
opening This software uses an AI-powered provider of this software. for
business. chatbot to instantly answer Currently, \$40 per month.
Currently collected common franchisee or franchisee via GoCardless.
employee questions, acting like a virtual assistant that helps automate
support and improve response times---no human needed for routine
inquiries.

     ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
     2025 Franchise Disclosure Document            11

Name of Fee Amount1 Due Date Remarks Business Then-current software fee
Monthly based, in This amount is paid to our Management charged by us or
other provider part, on the Gross Approved Supplier (currently, us)
Software we designate Sales generated in the for the Business management
and prior calendar month. project/sales tracking software Currently,
\$350/month, plus Currently collected that we have developed and 0.25%
of Gross Sales generated via GoCardless. branded for use in connection
with by the Franchised Business the System (the "Business Management
Software"). Renewal Fee \$10,000 At the time of your You must meet
certain criteria renewal request. before we will approve any request you
make to renew your franchise. Transfer Fee \$10,000 At the time of your
You and your proposed transferee assignment or transfer must meet
certain other conditions proposal. before we can evaluate and/or approve
any transfer proposal you make in connection with (a) your franchise or
Franchise Agreement, and/or (b) any ownership interest in Franchisee (if
an entity). The Transfer Fee applies to all transfers regardless of
whether you are transferring the entire Franchised Business or just a
portion of it (i.e., one of your Designated Territories).

                                                                                 If you are an individual and wish
                                                                                 to assign the franchise and
                                                                                 Franchise Agreement to an entity
                                                                                 that is wholly owned by you and
                                                                                 formed for purposes of owning the
                                                                                 Franchised Business, then we may
                                                                                 only charge you the legal fees and
                                                                                 other costs we incur in connection
                                                                                 with         evaluating        and
                                                                                 memorializing our consent to the
                                                                                 assignment (and any conditions
                                                                                 associated with the transfer).

                                                                                 The Transfer Fee is subject to state
                                                                                 law.




     ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
     2025 Franchise Disclosure Document            12

Name of Fee Amount1 Due Date Remarks Broker Fees Our actual cost of the
brokerage As incurred in If you transfer your Franchised commissions,
finder's fees, or conjunction with a Business to a third-party or
similar charges transfer of your purchaser, you must reimburse all
Franchised Business. of our actual costs for commissions, finder's fees
and similar charges in addition to paying us the Transfer Fee Technology
Fee The then-current technology fee As required and We reserve the right
to charge you (the "Technology Fee"). payable in the same our
then-current Technology Fee manner as Royalty as consideration for any
Currently, \$100 per month. Fees. technology we (a) determine to
associate, improve or otherwise develop with the System and cover all or
some portion of with this fee, and/or (b) collect on behalf of our
Approved Supplier and subsequently pay them under any kind of master
agreement or similar relationship. Additional Then-current additional
training As incurred. We may charge you our then- Training Fee fee for
the applicable training at current Additional Training Fee in issue
(each, an "Additional the following circumstances: (i) if Training Fee")
plus lodging and you or one (1) of your travel. We do not currently
managers/personnel that is charge the Additional Training required to
complete our initial Fee, but reserve the right to do training is
replaced and/or fails to so in the future. complete initial training and
is required to re-attend; (ii) if you request that we provide you with
any additional training or otherwise request that we provide you with
on-site assistance in connection with your Franchised Business; and
(iii) any remedial training that we require you to attend and complete
as part of the cure actions in connection with your default under the
Franchise Agreement ("Remedial Training").

                                                                                      In other circumstances where we
                                                                                      require you to attend additional or
                                                                                      refresher training at our request,
                                                                                      we will not charge you an
                                                                                      Additional Training Fee.




     ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
     2025 Franchise Disclosure Document                   13

Name of Fee Amount1 Due Date Remarks Relocation Fee Actual cost incurred
by us. As incurred. If you receive our prior written consent to relocate
the Franchised Business, you must also reimburse us for the reasonable
costs and expenses that we incur in connection with evaluating and
approving the proposed relocation. Convention and Not currently charged,
but we Upon demand and We expect to conduct (i) an annual Regional
Meetings reserve the right to charge our payable as we Convention and
(ii) Regional Fees then-current attendance fees to determine. Currently
Meetings each year, and your attend our annual franchisee collected via
attendance at both is mandatory. conference or convention, if
GoCardless. You must also pay the attendance and when established fees
if you fail to attend the ("Convention") and annual Convention or
Regional Meetings. meetings between you and other franchisees in the
same We reserve the right to charge our geographic area ("Regional
then-current attendance fee in Meetings"). We estimate the connection
with the Convention total fee between Regional and Regional Meetings.
You will Meetings and the Convention also be responsible for your to be
up to \$4,000 per attendee. costs/expenses associated with attending
these meetings, including the employment costs of any employees you
bring with you, lodging and travel. Call Center \$290 per month Monthly
on the 1st of All franchisees must use our Call each month Center. You
will pay us \$290 per month for use of the Call Center beginning when
you open for business.

      ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
      2025 Franchise Disclosure Document                  14

Name of Fee Amount1 Due Date Remarks Sales Center 5% of the Gross Sales
from the As incurred and All franchisees must use our Call job; only
incurred if we book payable as we Center. We reserve the right to the
job for you. determine. Currently require you to utilize our Sales
collected via Center if, in our sole discretion, GoCardless. you are
failing to timely provide quotes to customers that contact you. Our
Sales Center representatives will provide quotes and make sales to your
customers. If we require you to utilize our Sales Center, then you must
pay us 5% of the job price for each job that we book for you.

Roofing Services Training Fee: \$5,000 Upon choosing to You may, but are
not required to, Training, Initial Roofing Starter Kit: \$10,000 offer
Roofing purchase the rights to offer Setup Fees and Initial Marketing
Investment: Services within the roofing painting services under
Marketing \$10,000 Territory(ies). the Marks within your Investment
Territory(ies). You must operate your franchise for one (1) year before
becoming eligible to offer roofing services. We reserve the right to
offer roofing services or license others the right to offer roofing
services within your Territory(ies) with no compensation due to you.

                                                                                    If you choose to offer roofing
                                                                                    services, you must pay us (i) an
                                                                                    additional     Roofing    Services
                                                                                    Training Fee of $5,000; (ii) a
                                                                                    Roofing Services Starter Kit of
                                                                                    $10,000; (iii) and approximately
                                                                                    $1,000 to $5,000 of the Roofing
                                                                                    Services      Initial   Marketing
                                                                                    Investment of $10,000 that you
                                                                                    will be required to make.




      ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
      2025 Franchise Disclosure Document                15

Name of Fee Amount1 Due Date Remarks Roofing Equipment \$20,000 to
\$30,000 Upon choosing to If you choose to offer roofing offer Roofing
services, you must purchase Services within the approximately \$20,000
to \$30,000 Territory(ies) of applicable equipment from us or our
Approved Supplier(s).

         The fees below will only be charged if you fail to comply with the terms of your Franchise Agreement.

Audit Fee6 Actual cost incurred by us. Immediately after If
underreporting of sales is understatement of determined, you pay the
Royalty Gross Sales is due plus interest, along with all determined by
our the costs related to performing the inspection. audit. There is no
charge for the audit if sales are reported accurately. Non-Reporting We
reserve the right to charge Immediately upon We charge this enforcement
fee Enforcement Fee you our then-current demand after an specifically to
underscore and enforcement fee ("Enforcement inspection has been
highlight the importance of the Fee") which is currently \$500 in
conducted required reporting and data entry connection with each
instance you must enter into your business where you fail to (a) timely
management software as such input all prospect and/or client information
becomes available. information, contracts and/or other documents into
the required business management system software, and/or (b) otherwise
underreport or fail to report any Gross Sales, revenue or other
information into that software system. Delinquency 18% per year, or
higher rate as Immediately after date Charged on all fees and accounts
Charges and permitted by applicable law payment is due. receivable due
to us when not paid Interest7 timely.

                                                                                      In addition to this interest, we
                                                                                      reserve the right to charge a late
                                                                                      fee amounting to $500 in
                                                                                      connection with any payment that
                                                                                      is late or that we are not able to
                                                                                      timely collect via your Payment
                                                                                      Account due to insufficient funds
                                                                                      at that time.

                                                                                      You shall also pay $50 for each
                                                                                      check given or electronic transfer
                                                                                      made that is dishonored, fails to
                                                                                      process or is returned.




     ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
     2025 Franchise Disclosure Document                 16

Name of Fee Amount1 Due Date Remarks Unauthorized Use \$1,000 in
addition to any other Upon demand We reserve the right to charge you or
Disclosure remedies we have a penalty amounting to \$1,000 in connection
with any person that fails to sign and return the Confidentiality and
Restrictive Covenant Agreement. Indemnification; Will vary according to
Upon demand. You must reimburse us for our Attorneys' Fee; circumstance.
attorneys' fees and other costs that Costs and we incur in connection
with any Expenses of claims and/or damages that we Enforcement incur in
connection with any third- party action or otherwise arising out of, or
related to (a) your breach of misrepresentation of your Franchise
Agreement, (b) management or operation of your Franchised Business,
and/or (c) other specific actions or omissions on your or your
representatives' part detailed more fully in your Franchise Agreement.

                                                                                       You must also reimburse of all
                                                                                       attorneys’ fees and other costs we
                                                                                       incur in connection with (a)
                                                                                       enforcing the terms of the
                                                                                       Franchise Agreement, and/or (b)
                                                                                       any litigation we are required to
                                                                                       initiate and/or defend against
                                                                                       related     to     the    Franchise
                                                                                       Agreement, provided we prevail.

Non-Compliance \$250 for first instance of non- Upon demand. You must
pay us these fees if you Fee compliance are in default of the terms of
your \$500 for second instance of non- Franchise Agreement in addition
compliance to any other rights of ours that \$1,000 for third instance
of non- arise due to your default. These compliance same fees apply when
you receive customer complaints and fail to cure them per our guidelines
in the Operations Manual.

     EXPLANTORY NOTES TO ITEM 6 CHART

     1.      Generally. Unless otherwise stated this Item, all fees noted in this Item 6 are uniformly imposed and
             are payable to us and are non-refundable. All fees due under the Franchise Agreement shall be collected
             by us through any method that we determine. All fees are currently collected via GoCardless. You
             must execute certain forms or take certain steps that authorize us to collect all fees by whatever method
             we determine. All fees in this Item 6 are subject to increase due to inflation as measured by the United
             States Consumer Price Index. We may integrate a payment processing feature into our Business

     ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
     2025 Franchise Disclosure Document                 17

Management Software in the future. If we do, you will be required to use
that for payment processing, and you will be responsible for all monthly
terminal fees and payment processing fees.

2.   Gross Sales. “Gross Sales” shall include all revenue from the sale of all products and performance of
         services from the Franchised Business, whether in the form of cash, credit, barter or rebates, and
         regardless of collection in the case of credit, and income of every kind and nature related to the
         Franchised Business, including any consideration that Franchisee receives from third-party
         vendors/suppliers. “Gross Sales” from customers shall not include monies that are collected and
         submitted by Franchisee for transmittal to the appropriate taxing authority. In computing the Gross
         Sales, Franchisee shall be permitted to deduct the amount of cash refunds to, and coupons used by
         customers at the time the balance is fully paid to Franchisee, if such amounts have been included in
         Gross Sales of the Franchised Business. Your Minimum Gross Sales, which are based on the number
         of Designated Territories you purchase and the length of time your Franchised Business has been in
         operation, are below. Your Royalty Fee is subject to a minimum equal to 7% of the applicable
         Minimum Gross Sales below.

                                            Minimum Gross Sales


                                          1 Designated        2 Designated         3 Designated
                    Period(s)
                                            Territory          Territories          Territories


              First Year of Operation       $300,000            $350,000             $375,000
            Second Year of Operation        $431,250            $475,000             $575,000
             Third Year of Operation        $506,250            $600,000             $725,000
             Fourth Year of Operation       $531,563            $700,000             $800,000
              Fifth Year of Operation       $558,141            $735,000             $860,000
                                            $586,048            $771,750             $924,500
             Sixth Year of Operation
                                            $615,350            $810,338             $993,838
            Seventh Year of Operation
                                            $646,118            $850,854            $1,068,375
             Eighth Year of Operation
                                            $678,423            $893,397            $1,148,503
             Ninth Year of Operation
                                            $712,345            $938,067            $1,234,641
             Tenth Year of Operation

3.   Marketing Expenses (Local Advertising Requirement, Digital Marketing Spend, Production
         Fee, and Brand Fund Contribution). You must spend a minimum annual amount on local
         advertising for your Franchised Business (“Local Advertising Requirement”). You are required to
         spend 75% of your Local Advertising Requirement on digital marketing (“Digital Marketing Spend”
         or “DMS”) on a monthly basis. We are currently the only Approved Supplier for digital marketing,
         and we may either perform the digital marketing services or contract with another supplier to provide
         them. Whether we provide the digital marketing services or engage another supplier to provide them,
         you are required to pay us our then-current fee for managing such digital marketing services (the

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 18  "Production
Fee"), which covers the administrative cost of placing the digital
advertising and is subject to a cap or maximum amount. You must also pay
us a Brand Fund Contribution each month. The Local Advertising
Requirement, Digital Marketing Spend, Production Fee, and Brand Fund
Contribution are reflected in the charts below, based on the number of
Designated Territories you purchase.

                                            Marketing Expenses
                                          One Designated Territory
                                                                             Annual           Annual Brand
                                Annual Local        Annual Digital         Production             Fund
           Period                Advertising       Marketing Spend           Fee Cap          Contribution
                                Requirement        (spent monthly)          (collected          (collected
                                                                            monthly)            monthly)

First Year of Operation \$40,000 \$30,000 \$6,300 \$9,000 \$12,938
Second Year of Operation \$46,000 \$34,500 \$9,000 \$15,188 Third Year
of Operation \$54,000 \$40,500 \$9,000 \$15,947 Fourth Year of Operation
\$56,700 \$42,525 \$9,000 \$16,744 Fifth Year of Operation \$59,535
\$44,651 \$9,000 \$17,581 Sixth Year of Operation \$62,511.75 \$46,884
\$9,000 \$18,461 Seventh Year of Operation \$65,637.34 \$49,228 \$9,000
\$19,384 Eighth Year of Operation \$68,919.20 \$51,689 \$9,000 \$20,353
Ninth Year of Operation \$72,365.16 \$54,274 \$9,000 \$21,370 Tenth Year
of Operation \$75,983.42 \$56,988 \$9,000

                                           Marketing Expenses
                                         Two Designated Territories
                                                                             Annual           Annual Brand
                                Annual Local        Annual Digital         Production             Fund
           Period                Advertising       Marketing Spend           Fee Cap          Contribution
                                Requirement        (spent monthly)          (collected          (collected
                                                                            monthly)            monthly)
                                                                                                 $10,500

First Year of Operation \$40,000 \$30,000 \$8,400 \$14,250 Second Year
of Operation \$60,000 \$45,000 \$12,000 \$18,000 Third Year of Operation
\$72,000 \$54,000 \$12,000 \$21,000 Fourth Year of Operation \$75,600
\$56,700 \$12,000 \$22,050 Fifth Year of Operation \$79,380 \$59,535
\$12,000 \$23,153 Sixth Year of Operation \$83,349 \$62,512 \$12,000

Seventh Year of Operation \$87,516.45 \$65,637 \$12,000 \$24,310

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 19  \$25,526
Eighth Year of Operation \$91,892.27 \$68,919 \$12,000 \$26,802 Ninth
Year of Operation \$96,486.89 \$72,365 \$12,000 \$28,142 Tenth Year of
Operation \$101,311.23 \$75,983 \$12,000

                                             Marketing Expenses
                                          Three Designated Territories
                                                                                Annual            Annual Brand
                                 Annual Local        Annual Digital           Production              Fund
              Period              Advertising       Marketing Spend             Fee Cap           Contribution
                                 Requirement        (spent monthly)            (collected           (collected
                                                                               monthly)             monthly)
                                                                                                     $11,250
      First Year of Operation       $40,000               $30,000               $9,660
                                                                                                      $17,250
     Second Year of Operation       $64,000               $48,000              $13,800
                                                                                                      $21,750
     Third Year of Operation        $80,000               $60,000              $13,800
                                                                                                      $24,000
     Fourth Year of Operation       $96,000               $72,000              $13,800
                                                                                                      $25,800
      Fifth Year of Operation       $100,800              $75,600              $13,800
                                                                                                      $27,735
     Sixth Year of Operation        $105,840              $79,380              $13,800
                                                                                                      $29,815

Seventh Year of Operation \$111,132 \$83,349 \$13,800 \$32,051 Eighth
Year of Operation \$116,688.60 \$87,516 \$13,800 \$34,455 Ninth Year of
Operation \$122,523.03 \$91,892 \$13,800 \$37,039 Tenth Year of
Operation \$128,649.18 \$96,487 \$13,800

4.      Initial Marketing Investment. You must spend the below amounts on the initial marketing of your
            Franchised Business during the first two months of each of the below respective periods:


                                           Initial Marketing   Initial Marketing     Initial Marketing
                         Period             for 1 Designated    for 2 Designated      for 3 Designated
                                                Territory          Territories           Territories

                Within two months before
                                                 $20,000             $20,000                 $20,000
                        Opening

                During Your Second Year
                                                 $10,000             $10,000                 $10,000
                      of Operation

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 20  During Your
Third Year of - - \$7,500 Operation

     5.        Audit Costs. Following an audit, if we find you have underreported Gross Sales, you will pay the
               Royalty Fee and all other past amounts due under the Franchise Agreement due to your underreporting,
               as well as interest and all our costs associated with conducting the audit. Audit costs vary depending
               upon where you are located, the condition of your financial records, what we audit and when. Previous
               audit costs alone range between $1,000 and $3,000 and could be more. There are no audit costs to you
               if your records, reports and payment are in order and current.

     6.        Late Fees. Late fees begin from the date payment was due, but not received, or date of underpayment.

     7.        Payment Period and Method. We may, in our sole discretion, change your payment schedule with
               respect to the Royalty Fee and any other amounts due to us or our affiliates under your Franchise
               Agreement (i.e., modifying monthly payment to weekly), or require you to use any other method of
               payment, upon thirty (30) days written notice to you. Currently, all fees are collected via GoCardless,
               and you must take all necessary steps to authorize us and GoCardless to automatically collect fees from
               you. We may integrate a payment processing feature into our Business Management Software in the
               future. If we do, you will be required to use that for payment processing, and you will be responsible
               for all monthly terminal fees and payment processing fees.

                                                  ITEM 7
                                       ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT

                                   YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT

     A.        Franchise Agreement (One Designated Territory)


                                                                                                                To Whom
                                      Amount         Amount       Method of                                   Payment is to be
    Type of Expenditure (1)            Low            High         Payment             When Due                   Made

Initial Franchise Fee(2) \$54,500 \$54,500 Lump sum. Upon signing of a
Us Franchise Agreement Initial Training Fee(3) \$15,000 \$15,000 Lump
sum. Upon signing of a Us Franchise Agreement Initial Marketing
Investment(4) \$20,000 \$30,000 Lump sum. Upon signing of a Us,
Affiliate Franchise Agreement and/or other Approved Supplier Bookkeeping
Service (Setup \$1,775 \$1,775 As agreed. As agreed Approved & First 3
Months)(5) Suppliers Business Management \$1,050 \$1,050 As agreed.
Monthly after opening Us Software (First 3 Months) for business. Call
Center (First 3 Months) \$870 \$870 Lump sum. Monthly after opening Us
for business. Equipment(6) \$25,000 \$35,000 Lump sum. As agreed Us and
Approved Suppliers Production Supplies Kit(7) \$10,700 \$11,500 Lump
sum. Prior to opening Us and Approved Suppliers

     ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
     2025 Franchise Disclosure Document                    21

To Whom Amount Amount Method of Payment is to be Type of Expenditure (1)
Low High Payment When Due Made Sales Kit(8) \$7,500 \$8,500 Lump sum.
Prior to opening Us and Approved Suppliers Pick-Up / Approved Vehicle
\$3,000 \$7,500 Lump sum. As agreed Approved Package(9) Supplier
Permits, Deposits, Business \$2,000 \$3,500 As agreed. As incurred State
and Licenses, Legal and regulatory Accounting Fees(10) agencies and
third-parties. Travel and Living Expenses \$2,000 \$4,000 As agreed. As
incurred Third-parties. during Initial Training(11) Insurance(12)
\$3,500 \$5,500 As agreed. As incurred Insurance carrier. Marketing
Kit(13) \$5,000 \$8,000 Lump sum. Upon signing of a Approved Franchise
Agreement Supplier(s) and Us Spray-Pal (First 3 Months)(14) \$120 \$120
As agreed. Monthly after opening Us for business. Computer Hardware(15)
\$1,000 \$2,000 As agreed. As incurred Us Approved Vehicle --Lease \$0
\$3,600 As agreed. As incurred Third-Party Payments for 3 Months(16)
Lessor Home Show Booth(17) \$6,000 \$8,000 Lump sum. As agreed Us or
Approved Supplier Mobile Services Unit(18) \$2,000 \$15,000 As agreed As
agreed Approved Suppliers Additional Funds for First 3 \$30,000 \$40,000
As agreed. As incurred. Personnel; Months(19) Approved Suppliers; Lessor
of Equipment Package; Third- Party Suppliers; Us; Etc. TOTAL \$191,015
\$255,415

    EXPLANATORY NOTES:

         1. Generally. This is the estimated initial investment range to initially launch and operate a single
            Franchised Business for a period of three (3) months in accordance with the standard franchise offering
            disclosed in this Disclosure Document and our System, and this estimate assumes you will timely
            commence operations of your Business within the time period stated in your Franchise Agreement.
            Unless otherwise stated in this Item or the applicable payee agrees otherwise with you, the amounts
            paid in connection with your initial investment are non-refundable.

             Please note that our standard franchise offering assumes and expects that you will: (i) focus your initial
             operations on the provision of the Approved Services that all System franchisees may and must offer
             and provide as part of their Franchised Business; and (ii) not be authorized to provide any Ancillary
             Services during the initial period of operations that the Chart and estimated investment range is
             required to cover under the Rule. As such, this Item 7 does not account for the costs associated with
             acquiring any additional equipment to provide the Ancillary Services we expect and intend to permit

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
    2025 Franchise Disclosure Document                   22

certain System franchisees to offer and provide via their Franchised
Business once they have demonstrated their ability to operate the
Franchised Business and provide the standard Approved Services for at
least a period of six (6) months (see Item 6).

    2. Initial Franchise Fee. The Initial Franchise Fee you must pay to us upon execution of your Franchise
       Agreement is detailed more fully in Item 5 of this Disclosure Document. If you do not complete our
       initial training program to our satisfaction, we may terminate the franchise agreement and return the
       Initial Franchise Fee and 50% of the Training Fee to you in exchange for a release and confidentiality
       agreement. If you withdraw from our initial training program or do not complete our initial training
       program, the Initial Franchise Fee is non-refundable.

    3. Initial Training Fee. This is our current Initial Training Fee that is paid to us to help defray the costs
       and expenses that are incurred in connection with the initial training we provide to you prior to you
       commencing operating your Franchised Business and for the two years after you commence operation,
       including the initial training program that you (or, if you are entity, your operating principal) and, if
       appropriate, manager that you designate to handle the day-to-day operations of your Franchised
       Business and that we approve (a “Designated Manager”). With that said, our standard franchise
       offering assumes that you or, if applicable, your operating principal will be directly managing the day-
       to-day operations of the Franchised Business over at least the first full year of operations.

    4. Initial Marketing Investment. While the Initial Marketing Investment will be paid to our approved
       or designated third-party suppliers for these kinds of services, we expect and intend to collect a portion
       of the Initial Marketing Investment amounting to $1,000 to $5,000 as consideration for managing the
       placement and suppliers associated with this initial marketing and related activities designed to (a)
       increase visibility of the Franchised Business within your Designated Territory, and/or (b) generate
       prospective client interest and sales appointments prior to and up through the opening and initial
       operations of your Franchised Business.

    5. Bookkeeping Service. You must use our designated supplier for bookkeeping services. This estimate
       includes the registration fee of $499 and the first three months of the monthly fee, which is currently
       $425 per month.

    6. Equipment. This estimate includes the cost of the exterior equipment, kitchen equipment and spray-
       booth that you are required to obtain in connection with the operation of the Franchised Business.

    7. Production Supplies Kit. Prior to opening, you must purchase a “Production Supplies Kit” from us,
       which includes everything you need to complete your initial production training jobs. The cost of the
       Production Supplies Kit is approximately $10,700 to $11,500.

    8. Sales Kit. Prior to opening, you must purchase a “Sales Kit” from us, consisting of sample boards,
       paint color charts, bags, polos, other clothing needs, and more. The cost of the Sales Kit is
       approximately $7,500 to $8,500.

    9. Pick-Up / Approved Vehicle Package. This estimate includes the cost associated with getting your
       Mobile Services Unit branded with wrap and/or other design we designate from our designated or
       approved supplier. You must use our designated suppliers for your vehicle branding and wrapping.

    10. Permits, Business Licenses, Legal and Accounting. You are required to obtain all business licenses,
        permits, certificates or approvals before you start your business. Local, municipal, county, and state
        regulations vary on what licenses and permits are required by you to operate. You are solely
        responsible for researching all laws applicable to where your Franchised Business is operated to

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 23  determine
what licenses and permits are necessary. You may need the assistance of
an attorney, accountant or other consultants to assist in establishing
your Franchised Business. These fees may vary from location to location
depending upon the prevailing rate of attorneys', accountants', and
consultants' fees. These fees are typically not refundable.

    11. Travel and Living Expenses During Initial Training. This is the range designed to cover the travel
        and living expenses, including lodging, airfare, and meals, which you will incur to attending the Initial
        Training Program. The cost you incur will vary depending on factors such as distance traveled, mode
        of transportation, travel preferences, nature of accommodations, per diem expenses, and the number
        of persons who attend training.

    12. Insurance. Your costs for insurance will vary depending on your market, the amount of coverage you
        select, your insurance carrier, and other factors. This is an estimate of insurance premiums for the
        initial three (3) months of business operation.

    13. Marketing Kit. The Marketing Kit is described more fully in Item 5 of this Disclosure Document.

    14. Spray-Pal (First 3 Months). Beginning when you open for business, you will pay us $40 per month
        for access to the Spray-Pal software, which uses an AI-powered chatbot to instantly answer common
        franchisee or franchisee employee questions, acting like a virtual assistant that helps automate support
        and improve response times—no human needed for routine inquiries.

    15. Computer Hardware. This range is intended to cover the estimated cost of an iPad, cell phone,
        printer, and laptop computer. The lower estimate assumes you already own some of the required items.
        The high end assumes you will have to purchase each.

    16. Approved Vehicle – Lease Payments for 3 Months (if needed). Low end assumes you already have
        a vehicle that can tow the Mobile Services Unit and that otherwise meets our System standards and
        specifications for use in connection with a franchised Business. High end assumes you will be required
        to lease such a vehicle that meets our System standards and specifications from a third-party lessor and
        is designed to cover the estimated lease payments over your first three (3) months of operation.

    17. Home Show Booth. This estimate includes the cost to purchase the Home Show Booth that you will
        use in connection with trade shows.

    18. Mobile Services Unit. The low end assumes that you will lease the Mobile Services Unit and the high
        end assumes you will purchase the Mobile Services Unit. You must use our designated suppliers for
        your Mobile Services Unit.

    19. Additional Funds – 3 Months. We recommend that you have a minimum amount of working capital
        available to cover certain expenses incurred before you open and in your first three (3) months of
        operation, including operating expenses, vehicle payments and salaries. You will need to have
        sufficient capital to cover employment costs for your Franchised Business. You must be prepared to
        reorder inventory and supplies as necessary and to cover the costs of operations. We cannot guarantee
        that you will not have additional expenses. We cannot guarantee that our recommendation will be
        sufficient. Additional working capital may be required if sales are low or operating costs are high.
        These expenses are typically not refundable. The required funds will vary by market, how closely you
        follow our methods and procedures, your management skills, experience and business acumen, the
        relative effectiveness of your staff, local economic conditions, and competition in your market, the
        prevailing wage rate, your investment in marketing programs. This estimate is for your business
        expenses only and does not account for sales revenue from operations used to pay these costs. This

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 24  estimate for
"Additional Funds" does not include any of your personal living
expenses, and does not include any fees associated with debt services.
This range does not include any draw or salary for you.

B.   Franchise Agreement (Multiple Designated Territories)

    Type of Amount Low Amount High Method of When Due To Whom
    Expenditure Payment Payment is (1) to be Made Initial \$99,500
    \$144,500 Lump sum. Upon signing Us Franchise Fee (for 2 Designated
    (for 3 Designated of a Franchise Territories) Territories) Agreement
    Initial Please see Table in Part A of this Item 7 for Investment
    additional information on this investment. associated with \$136,515
    \$200,915 Does not include Initial Franchise Fee Franchised
    (included in row above). Business(1) Total \$236,015 \$345,415 (for
    2 Designated (for 3 Designated Territories) Territories)

EXPLANATORY NOTES:

1.   Initial Investment associated with Franchised Business. This range does not include the Initial

    Franchise Fee for a single Designated Territory because that is
    accounted for in the Initial Franchise Fee in the top row of this
    Table.

The Notes following Chart A in this Item 7 are also applicable to this
offering.

                                      ITEM 8
                 RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

        You must operate all aspects of your Franchised Business in strict conformance with the methods,

standards and specifications of our System. Our methods, standards, and
specifications will be communicated to you in writing when we evaluate
your proposed location for the Franchised Business during training,
before you conduct your Initial Marketing Contribution, during on-site
opening assistance, during periodic visits to your Franchised Business
and through periodic bulletins and our brand's Operations Manual and
other proprietary guidelines and writings that we prepare for your use
in connection with the Franchised Business and System. We may
periodically change our System standards and specifications from time to
time, as we deem appropriate or necessary in our sole discretion, and
you will be solely responsible for costs associated with complying with
any modifications to the System.

Approved Services and Approved Products

You may only market, offer, sell and provide the Approved Services
utilizing the Approved Products in connection with your Franchised
Business operations, and such products/services must be provided in a
manner that meets our System standards and specification. We will
provide you with a list of our then- current Approved Services and
Approved Products, along with certain product standards and
specifications, as part of our Manuals or otherwise in writing prior to
the opening of your Franchised Business. We may update or modify this
list in writing at any time.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 25 As a System
franchisee, you will be solely responsible for storing and preparing any
Proprietary Products or other inventory for use in connection with
providing the Approved Services once those products are delivered to
you.

If you wish to offer any product or service in your Franchised Business
other than our Approved Services and Approved Products, or use any item
in connection with your Franchised Business that does not meet our
System standards and specifications, then you must obtain our prior
written approval as described more fully in this Item.

Approved Suppliers

We have the right to require you to purchase or lease any items or
services necessary to operate your Franchised Business, including but
not limited to equipment, fixtures, inventory, and paper goods, from a
supplier that we approve or designate (each, an "Approved Supplier"),
which may include us or our affiliate(s). We will provide you with a
list of our Approved Suppliers in writing as part of our Manual or
otherwise in writing, and we may update or modify this list as we deem
appropriate.

As of the Issuance Date, we have Approved Suppliers for the following
items: (i) the business management software and certain other required
software that you must license and use in connection with your
Franchised Business (collectively, the "Required Software"); (ii)
equipment (including Mobile Services Unit) that we expect, and our
standard offering assumes, you will lease from a third-party lessor we
approve or authorize; (iii) the Marketing Kit, Production Supplies Kit,
and Sales Kit; (iv) supplies such as masking paper, tape, and caulking;
(v) vehicle signage and related installation; and (vi) all or some of
the marketing, advertising and promotional materials and services on
which you must expend your Local Advertising Requirement and Initial
Marketing Investment; (vii) home show booth and spray booth; (viii) call
center and sales center; (xiv) accounting software (QuickBooks); (xv)
bookkeeping services (Journey); and (xvi) if and once applicable,
certain equipment, hardware and/or operating supplies necessary to
provide one (1) or more of the Ancillary Services we approve or
otherwise require you to provide as described more fully in Item 16 of
this Disclosure Document.

As of the Issuance Date, be advised that: (i) SN Distribution is the
designated supplier for Proprietary Products and some inventory/supplies
necessary to provide the Approved Services and/or operate the Franchised
Business; and (ii) we are the designated supplier for (a) the Marketing
Kit, Production Supplies Kit, and Sales Kit, (b) our System-associated
business management software, and (c) certain digital and other
marketing management services on which you must expend a portion of your
Initial Marketing Investment and Local Advertising Requirement.

Except as provided above, neither we nor our affiliates are the
designated or Approved Supplier for any item or service you are required
to purchase or lease in connection with the establishment and/or ongoing
operation of your Franchised Business. Carmelo Marsala and David
Garofano own interests in Groupe Spray-Net and, through its
subsidiaries, including SN Distribution, will indirectly derive revenue
from required franchisee purchases. Except as stated above, none of our
officers owns an interest in any of our Approved Suppliers.

Non-Approved Product/Service and Alternative Supplier Approval

We may, but are not obligated to, grant your request to: (i) offer any
products or services in connection with your Franchised Business other
than the Approved Services (which includes the Proprietary Products); or
(ii) purchase any item or service we require you to purchase from an
Approved Supplier from an alternative supplier.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 26 If you wish
to undertake either of these actions, you must request and obtain our
approval in writing before: (i) using or offering the non-approved
product or service in connection with your Franchised Business; or (ii)
purchasing from a non-approved supplier. We may ask you to submit
samples or information so that we can make an informed decision whether
the goods, equipment, supplies or supplier meet our specifications and
quality standards. In evaluating a supplier that you propose to us, we
consider not only the quality of the particular product at issue, but
also the supplier's production and delivery capability, overall business
reputation and financial condition. We may provide any alternate
supplier you propose with a copy of our then-current specifications for
any product(s) you wish the supplier to supply, provided the supplier
enters into a confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement in the form
we specify. We may also inspect a proposed supplier's facilities and
test its products, and request that you reimburse our actual costs
associated with the testing/inspection.

We will notify you in writing within 30 days after we receive all
necessary information and/or complete our inspection or testing to
advise you if we approve or disapprove the proposed item and/or
supplier. The criteria we use in approving or rejecting new suppliers is
proprietary, but we may (but are not required to) make it available to
you upon request. Each supplier that we approve of must comply with our
usual and customary requirements regarding insurance, indemnification
and non-disclosure. If we incur any costs in connection with testing a
particular product or evaluating an unapproved supplier at your request,
you must reimburse us for our reasonable testing costs, regardless of
whether we subsequently approve the item or supplier. If we approve any
supplier, we will not guarantee your performance of any supply contract
with that supplier under any circumstances. We may re-inspect and/or
revoke our approval of a supplier or item at any time and for any reason
to protect the best interests and goodwill of our System and Proprietary
Marks. The revocation of a previously approved product or alternative
supplier is effective immediately when you receive written notice from
us of revocation and, following receipt of our notice, you may not place
any new orders for the revoked product, or with the revoked supplier.

Required Purchases and the Right to Derive Revenue

We estimate that the costs of your purchases from designated or approved
suppliers, or according to our standards and specifications, may range
from 90% to 95% of your total purchases in connection with the
establishment of your Franchised Business, and between 35% and 45% of
your ongoing expenses. We may designate sources for additional goods and
services, we may receive revenue, rebates, commission or other material
consideration from franchisee purchases.

We derive revenue as a result of required purchases or leases by you in
accordance with specifications or standards required by us, or from
suppliers approved by us. Except as noted above, there are no goods or
services required in the operation of the outlet for which we or persons
affiliated with us are the only approved suppliers. We currently receive
rebates from suppliers amounting to approximately 2-3% of the purchase
price our franchisees pay them. During the year ending December 31,
2024, we received \$14,161.24 in rebates from these suppliers based on
our franchisee's purchases from them.

In the year ending December 31, 2024, we derived \$1,490,118 in revenue
from Franchisee required purchases of digital marketing, initial
marketing investment, and tech packages, or 52.03% of our total revenue
of \$2,863,931 per our most recent audited financials. These amounts
were, in turn, paid directly to third-party suppliers of digital
marketing and technology services. This amount does not include initial
franchise fees or training fees.

In the year ending December 31, 2024, SN Distribution's revenue from the
sale of paints and supplies to our franchisees (U.S. franchisees) was
\$1,172,603.

Franchisee Compliance

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 27 When
determining whether to grant new or additional franchises, we consider
many factors, including your compliance with the requirements described
in this Item 8. You do not receive any further benefit as a result of
your compliance with these requirements.

Insurance Requirements

We require you to procure the following types of insurance and
applicable amounts of coverage:

1.  Commercial general liability insurance, including personal injury,
    completed operations, contractual liability, and products liability,
    in an amount of not less than Two Million Dollars (\$2,000,000) per
    occurrence for bodily injury and not less than Two Million Dollars
    (\$2,000,000) per occurrence for property damage, and naming us as
    an additional insured in each such policy or policies;

2.  Fire, vandalism, and extended coverage insurance with primary and
    excess limits of not less than the full replacement value of the
    premises of the Franchised Business and its furniture, fixtures, and
    equipment;

3.  Auto insurance for any Approved Vehicle used in connection with
    operating the Franchised Business, including Franchisee-owned
    vehicles and non-Franchisee-owned vehicles, which will include
    liability coverage in the minimum amount of Two Million Dollars
    (\$2,000,000) per year, as well as commercial auto insurance for
    Franchisee-owned vehicles, which will include collision and
    comprehensive coverage as well as liability coverage in the minimum
    amount of \$250,000 per person and \$500,000 per accident per year,
    or the minimum required by state regulations, whichever is greater;

4.  Employer's liability, workers' compensation insurance and such other
    insurance as may be required by statute or rule of the state or
    locality in which the Franchised Business is located and operated;

5.  Business interruption insurance in amounts and with terms acceptable
    to us; and

6.  Such insurance as necessary to provide coverage under the indemnity
    provisions set forth in Section 11 of the Franchise Agreement.

You must buy insurance only from carriers rated A-VIII or better by A.M.
Best and Company, Inc. (or similar criteria as we periodically specify),
unless we designate specific carriers from which you must purchase
coverage (in which case you may only purchase from the designated
carrier(s)). We may periodically increase the amounts of coverage
required under these insurance policies and/or require different or
additional insurance coverage to reflect inflation, identification of
new risks, changes in law or standards of liability, higher damage
awards, changing economic conditions, or other relevant changes in
circumstances. All insurance policies you purchase must name us and any
affiliate(s) we designate as additional insureds and provide for thirty
(30) days' prior written notice to us of a policy's material
modification or cancellation. The cost of your premiums will depend on
the insurance carrier's charges, terms of payment, and your insurance
and payment histories. You must make timely delivery of certificates of
all required insurance to us, each of which must contain a statement by
the insurer that the policy will not be cancelled or materially altered
without at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice to us.

                                          ITEM 9
                                 FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 28  This table
lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other
agreements. It will help you find more detailed information about your
obligations in these agreements and in other areas of this Disclosure
Document

                                      Section in the Franchise         Item Number in this Disclosure
            Obligation                       Agreement                           Document

a.  Site selection and Sections 2(B), 2(C), 5(E), and Items 11 and 12
    acquisition/lease 6(A) and Exhibit A

b.  Pre-opening purchases/leases Sections 6(B), 6(G), 6(I) and 6(J)
    Items 7 and 8

c.  Site development and other Sections 6(C), 6(D) and 6(E) Items 6, 7
    and 11 pre-opening requirements

d.  Initial and ongoing training Sections 5(A), 5(B), Items 6, 7 and 11
    5(C) and 5(G)

e.  Opening Section 6(C) Items 7 and 11

f.  Fees Section 4(A) Items 5 and 6

g.  Compliance with standards Sections 5(D), 6 and 8 Items 8 and 16 and
    policies/Operating Manual

h.  Trademarks and proprietary Section 7 Items 13 and 14 information

i.  Restrictions on Sections 6(F), 6(J), Items 8 and 16
    products/services offered 6(K), 6(L) and 6(S)

j.  Warranty and customer Section 6(T) Item 16 service requirements

k.  Territorial development and Sections 2(C) and 6(Z) Item 12 sales
    quotas

l.  Ongoing product/service Sections 6(G), 6(H), Items 8 and 11
    purchases 6(K), 6(I) and 6(J)

m.  Maintenance, appearance and Sections 3(B)(7) and 6(G) Items 6 and 17
    remodeling requirements

n.  Insurance Section 11 Items 6, 7 and 8

o.  Advertising Sections 5(F), 5(H) and 9 Items 6, 7 and 11

p.  Indemnification Sections 7(P) and 12(B) Item 6

q.  Owner's participation/ Sections 6(V) and 6(Y) Item 15 management/
    staffing

r.  Records and reports Sections 4(D) and 10 Item 11

s.  Inspections and audits Sections 5(L), 6(C), 6(K) 6(R), Items 6, 11
    and 13 6(U), 10(b) and 10(G)

t.  Transfer Section 13 Item 17

u.  Renewal Section 3(B) Item 17

v.  Post-termination obligations Sections 14(B) and 16 Item 17

w.  Non-competition covenants Section 14 Item 17

x.  Dispute resolution Section 21 Item 17

                                                   ITEM 10
                                                 FINANCING

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 29 We do not
offer direct or indirect financing. We will not guarantee your note,
lease or other obligations.

                                         ITEM 11
                          FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING,
                            COMPUTER SYSTEMS, AND TRAINING

             Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.

Pre-Opening Obligations

      Before the opening of your Franchised Business, we (or our designee) are required by the Franchise

Agreement to provide the following assistance and services to you.

       1.       We designate your Designated Territory(-ies) to operate your Franchised Business in the

"Data Sheet" attached to your Franchise Agreement as an Exhibit.
(Franchise Agreement, Exhibit "A").

        2.       We will provide you with online access to our confidential and proprietary Operations

Manual (Section 5(D), Franchise Agreement) via an internet or intranet
site. The Operations Manual consists of digital content, including
technical bulletins and other written materials and may be modified by
us periodically. While it is hosted digitally, the comprehensive
materials making up the Operations Manual contain approximately 245
pages. The table of contents for the Operations Manual is attached as
Exhibit B.

         3. We will, after receiving your payment, provide you with the Marketing Kit, which includes

an initial set of business supplies, such as marketing brochures,
letterhead, uniforms and business cards. If you need additional supplies
or materials included in the Marketing Kit, you must pay for those
additional items. (Section 4(A)(4), Franchise Agreement).

        4.     We will, after receiving your payment, provide you with the Production Supplies Kit,

which includes everything you need to complete your initial production
training jobs. (Section 4(A)(4), Franchise Agreement).

       5.       We will, after receiving your payment, provide you with the Sales Kit, which includes

sample boards, paint color charts, bags, polos, other clothing needs and
more. (Section 4(A)(4), Franchise Agreement).

        6.      We will assist you with providing specifications for your equipment and Mobile Services

Unit and our designated supplier. (Section 6(G), Franchise Agreement).

        7.      We provide you with written specifications and guidelines for opening inventory and

supplies, some of which will be purchased from our required or approved
suppliers per our specifications. (Section 4(A), Franchise Agreement).

         8.      We provide an initial training program for you or, if you are not an individual, your

Designated Manager, and up to one (1) additional person at our
headquarters or other location chosen by us for up to 5 business days.
(Section 5(A)(1), Franchise Agreement). You must pay for airfare,
lodging, meals, ground transportation, salaries and benefits (for your
employees), and any other personal expenses for yourself and any
additional attendees incurred during this time. We will also provide you
with up to three (3) business days of sales training (typically between
2 and 3 days), along with five (5) business days of production training
at your location for you and your staff. Please see below in this Item
11 under the heading "Training" for additional information.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 30  9. We
provide you with recommendations and advice on pre-opening and grand
opening marketing and advertising for your Franchised Business. (Section
9(A), Franchise Agreement).

       10.     We provide you with guidance, strategy and advice for pre-opening your Franchised

Business at your reasonable request during our regular business hours
via the telephone, email or other means we determine. (Section 9(A),
Franchise Agreement).

        11.     We provide you with assistance in connection with your initial marketing, subject to you

paying us and/or Approved Suppliers that appropriate portions of your
Initial Marketing Investment. (Section 9(C), Franchise Agreement).

       We are not required to provide any other service or assistance before you open your Franchised

Business.

Continuing Obligations

During the term of the Franchise Agreement we (or our designee) will
(or, if applicable, may) provide the following assistance and services
to you:

        1.      We provide you advice and consultation, as we believe is necessary, regarding the

continuing operation and management of your Franchised Business.
(Section 5(G), Franchise Agreement). There are no separate charges for
these services.

        2.      We make available to you information regarding any new product, service or suppliers or

any updated methods of doing business. (Section 5(G)(3), Franchise
Agreement). There are no separate charges for these services.

        3.      We make a representative reasonably available to you via the telephone or email during

our normal business hours as we determine is necessary to discuss your
Franchised Business and marketing strategy or advice for your Franchised
Business. You are responsible for any applicable charges, which may
apply for such additional assistance and/or resources (Section 5(C)(2)
and 5(G)(1), Franchise Agreement).

        4.      We may develop new services, products and offerings from time to time that may be used

by you in your Franchised Business. (Section 5(G)(3), Franchise
Agreement).

       5.       We may choose to provide you with continuing national, regional or local workshops and

seminars that we hold in our discretion. (Sections 5(C), Franchise
Agreement).

        6.       We, an affiliate or a third party we select may provide you with call center and sales center

services and/or other referral services. (Section 5(Q), Franchise
Agreement).

       7.      We, an affiliate or a third party we select will administer and manage the Fund as we

determine appropriate, if and when created. (Section 4(A)(5), Franchise
Agreement).

        8.       We may offer you guidelines on pricing for Approved Products and Approved services. To

the extent permitted under applicable law, you must use commercially
reasonable efforts to follow our general pricing guidelines, including
any promotional prices set by us for a particular Approved Product or
Approved Service. As an independent contractor, however, you may
exercise flexibility in meeting competition with respect to the pricing
of the Approved Products and Approved Services. Otherwise, we

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 31 do not set
minimum or maximum prices at which you must sell the Approved Products
and Approved Services. (Section 6(S), Franchise Agreement).

         We reserve the right, in our discretion, to delegate some or all of our pre-opening and continuing

obligations under the Franchise Agreement to a regional director
franchisee with regional responsibility over the geographic area in
which you operate your Spray-Net Franchise. These obligations may
include, but are not limited to, initial and ongoing training, and
operations support.

Advertising and Marketing

Generally

All advertising and promotion that you use in connection with your
Franchised Business must be approved by us and conform to the standards
and requirements that we specify. We may make available to you from time
to time, at your expense, certain promotional materials, including
digital content, social media and other "profile" templates,
merchandising materials, point-of-purchase materials, special
promotions, and similar advertising and promotional materials. Subject
to applicable laws, you must participate in certain promotions and
advertising programs that we establish as an integral part of our
System, provided these activities do not contravene regulations and laws
of appropriate governmental authorities. (Franchise Agreement, Section
9(A)).

If you wish to use any advertising or promotional materials other than
those that we have previously approved or designated within the
preceding 12 months, then you must submit the materials you wish to use
to us for our prior written approval at least 20 days prior to
publication. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you
of our approval or disapproval of your proposed materials within 15 days
of the date we receive the materials from you. If you do not receive our
written approval during that time period, however, the proposed
materials are deemed disapproved and you may not use such materials.
Once approved, you may use the proposed materials for a period of 90
days, unless we: (i) prescribe a different time period for use; or (ii)
require you to discontinue using the previously-approved materials in
writing. We may require you to discontinue the use of any advertising or
marketing material, including materials we previously approved, at any
time. (Franchise Agreement, Section 9(B)). Except as otherwise provided
in this Item, we are not required to spend any amount on advertising in
your Designated Territory.

Local Advertising Requirement

You must expend certain minimum amounts on advertising and promoting the
Franchised Business, based on the number of Designated Territories that
you purchase and the length of time your Franchised Business has been in
operation, within the Designated Territory(ies) in accordance with the
advertising/marketing plan that we approve. You must annually spend the
following amounts pursuant to the Local Advertising Requirement:

                                   Annual Local Advertising Requirement

                                        One Designated     Two Designated     Three Designated
                     Period
                                          Territory          Territories        Territories

             First Year of Operation       $40,000             $40,000             $40,000
            Second Year of Operation       $46,000             $60,000             $64,000
            Third Year of Operation        $54,000             $72,000             $80,000

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 32  Fourth Year
of Operation \$56,700 \$75,600 \$96,000 Fifth Year of Operation \$59,535
\$79,380 \$100,800 Sixth Year of Operation \$62,511.75 \$83,349
\$105,840 Seventh Year of Operation \$65,637.34 \$87,516.45 \$111,132
Eighth Year of Operation \$68,919.20 \$91,892.27 \$116,688.60 Ninth Year
of Operation \$72,365.16 \$96,486.89 \$122,523.03 Tenth Year of
Operation \$75,983.42 \$101,311.23 \$128,649.18

As of the Issuance Date, we require you to expend your Local Advertising
Requirement funds on our Approved Suppliers (currently, third-parties
directly with the right -- but not obligation -- to use us for certain
services) for our System-approved marketing/advertising campaigns and
related services/content. We reserve the right to require that you
expend any portion of these funds on (a) products or services we direct
or approve, or (b) services that you must acquire from an Approved
Supplier (which currently includes us).

We must approve all advertising in writing before it is used in
connection with the Franchised Business, including all use of the
Proprietary Marks. (Franchise Agreement, Section 9). We do not require
you to participate in local or regional advertising cooperatives or
reserve the right to require such participation.

You must spend at least seventy-five percent (75%) of your applicable
Local Advertising Requirement, which is based on the number of
Designated Territories you purchase and the length of time your
Franchised Business has been in operation, on monthly digital marketing
services (the "Digital Marketing Spend"). You will pay us the Digital
Marketing Spend on the first of each month, and we may provide the
applicable digital marketing services or engage a supplier to provide
such services. Your annual minimum Digital Marketing Spend is stated in
the following chart. You must spend at least the applicable Digital
Marketing Spend amount divided by twelve (12) each month:

                                        Annual Digital Marketing Spend

                                          One Designated      Two Designated      Three Designated
                     Period
                                            Territory           Territories         Territories

             First Year of Operation          $30,000              $30,000              $30,000
            Second Year of Operation          $34,500              $45,000              $48,000
             Third Year of Operation          $40,500              $54,000              $60,000
            Fourth Year of Operation          $42,525              $56,700              $72,000
             Fifth Year of Operation          $44,651              $59,535              $75,600
             Sixth Year of Operation          $46,884              $62,512              $79,380
            Seventh Year of Operation         $49,228              $65,637              $83,349
            Eighth Year of Operation          $51,689              $68,919              $87,516
             Ninth Year of Operation          $54,274              $72,365              $91,892
             Tenth Year of Operation          $56,988              $75,983              $96,487

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 33 You will pay
us our then-current monthly Production Fee for our administration of
digital marketing for your Franchised Business. You will pay us the
Production Fee on the first of each month. We may increase or decrease
the Production Fee upon thirty (30) days' notice as our costs for the
related services increase or decrease subject to the following maximum
amounts:

                               Maximum Production Fee (on an annual basis)

                                        One Designated       Two Designated     Three Designated
                     Period
                                          Territory            Territories        Territories

             First Year of Operation         $6,300              $8,400               $9,660
            Second Year of Operation         $9,000              $12,000             $13,800
            Third Year of Operation          $9,000              $12,000             $13,800
            Fourth Year of Operation         $9,000              $12,000             $13,800
             Fifth Year of Operation         $9,000              $12,000             $13,800
             Sixth Year of Operation         $9,000              $12,000             $13,800
           Seventh Year of Operation         $9,000              $12,000             $13,800
            Eighth Year of Operation         $9,000              $12,000             $13,800
            Ninth Year of Operation          $9,000              $12,000             $13,800
            Tenth Year of Operation          $9,000              $12,000             $13,800

Initial Marketing Investment

Prior to the opening of your Franchised Business, you must expend a
minimum Initial Marketing Investment equal to \$20,000. We will collect
between \$1,000 and \$5,000 of these funds directly from you at the time
you execute your Franchise Agreement or other time we designate prior to
the opening of your Franchised Business. You must spend your Initial
Marketing Investment in the 1-2 months prior to the contemplated launch
of your Franchised Business and for a short time after that launch (at
which time your Local Advertising Requirement will commence). We may
require that you expend any portion of your Initial Marketing Investment
on marketing/advertising/promotional services and/or items that must be
sourced from one (1) or more of our then-current Approved Suppliers. If
you purchase additional Designated Territories, your Initial Marketing
Investment will be as follows, and, for the second and third years (if
applicable), such amounts must be spent within the first two months of
each year:

                                        Initial Marketing   Initial Marketing   Initial Marketing
                     Period              for 1 Designated    for 2 Designated    for 3 Designated
                                             Territory          Territories         Territories

            Within two months before
                                             $20,000             $20,000             $20,000
                    Opening

            During Your Second Year
                                             $10,000             $10,000             $10,000
                  of Operation

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 34  During Your
Third Year of - - \$7,500 Operation

Brand Development Fund

We have established a brand development Fund for the benefit of the
System and brand generally. Your required monthly Fund Contribution is
2% of your Gross Sales, subject to a minimum amount based on the number
of Designated Territories that you purchase and the length of time your
Franchised Business has been in operation. Your monthly Fund
Contribution is equal to the applicable amount for "Annual Fund
Contribution" in the below chart divided by twelve (12).

                                        Annual Fund Contribution

                                       One Designated      Two Designated     Three Designated
                     Period
                                         Territory           Territories        Territories
                                                               $10,500             $11,250
             First Year of Operation        $9,000
                                           $12,938             $14,250             $17,250
           Second Year of Operation
                                           $15,188             $18,000             $21,750
            Third Year of Operation
                                           $15,947             $21,000             $24,000
            Fourth Year of Operation
                                           $16,744             $22,050             $25,800
            Fifth Year of Operation
                                           $17,581             $23,153             $27,735
            Sixth Year of Operation
                                           $18,461             $24,310             $29,815
           Seventh Year of Operation
                                           $19,384             $25,526             $32,051
            Eighth Year of Operation
                                           $20,353             $26,802             $34,455
            Ninth Year of Operation
                                           $21,370             $28,142             $37,039
            Tenth Year of Operation

The Fund Contribution is on the first day of each month. The Fund
Contribution is deemed fully earned and nonrefundable upon payment.

We will administer and use the Fund to meet certain costs related to
maintaining, administering, directing, conducting and preparing
advertising, marketing, public relations, and/or promotional programs
and materials, and any other activities which we believe will enhance
the image of the System. We will designate all programs that the Fund
finances, with sole control over the creative concepts, materials, and
endorsements used and their geographic, market, and media placement and
allocation. The Fund may also be used to cover the costs and fees
associated with: preparing and producing video, audio, and written
materials and electronic media; website maintenance and development,
internet advertising, administering regional and multi-regional
marketing and advertising programs, including purchasing trade journal,
direct mail, website, radio and other media advertising and using
advertising, promotion, and marketing agencies and other advisors to
provide assistance; and supporting public relations, market research,
and other

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 35 advertising,
promotion, and marketing activities. The Fund may be used for
advertising materials/campaigns in printed materials or on radio or
television for local, regional or national circulation, internet
regional or national advertising, as we deem appropriate in our
discretion. We and/or a regional or national advertising agency may be
used to produce all advertising and marketing. (Franchise Agreement,
Section 9(E)).

We will account for the Fund contributions separately from our other
funds and not use the Fund for any of our general operating expenses,
except to compensate us for the reasonable salaries, administrative
costs, third-party costs, travel expenses and overhead we incur in
administering the Fund and its programs, including conducting market
research, preparing advertising, promotion, and marketing materials, and
collecting and accounting for Fund contributions. The Fund is not our
asset or a trust, and we do not owe you fiduciary obligations because of
our maintaining, directing or administering the Fund or any other
reason. The Fund may spend in any fiscal year more or less than the
total Fund contributions in that year, borrow from us or others (paying
reasonable interest) to cover deficits, or invest any surplus for future
use. We will use interest earned on Fund contributions to pay costs
before spending the Fund's other assets. We will not use Fund
contributions for advertising that principally is a solicitation for the
sale of franchises, except that we may use/display the phrase
"Franchises Available" on any and all advertising/marketing that is
covered by the Fund. We will prepare an unaudited, annual statement of
Fund collections and costs and give it to you upon written request. We
may incorporate Fund or operate it through a separate entity if we deem
appropriate. Our affiliate-owned Centers may, but will not be obligated
to, contribute to the Fund if and when established. We may use Fund
Contributions to cover portions of advertising, marketing and other
campaigns that involve other regions where our affiliates have offered
and sold franchises (currently, Canada), and will typically cover
portions of such expenses with the appropriate Fund(s) that exist in the
region(s) at issue (if any).

We are not required to spend any of your Fund Contributions in the
Designated Territory you are granted under your Franchise Agreement, and
we will provide you with an accounting of the Fund within 120 days after
our fiscal year end (upon your written request). We are not required to
have the Fund audited, but we may do so and use the Fund Contributions
to pay for such an audit. If we do not spend all Fund Contributions in a
given year, we may rollover any excess contributions into the Fund for
use during the following year. We will have the right to modify or
discontinue the Fund, as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion.
(Franchise Agreement, Section 9(E)).

During our fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, we spent \$594,022 of
Fund Contributions. During that time, we expended this amount
approximately as follows: (i) media production -- 25% and (ii) media
placement -- 75%.

Franchise Advertising Council

We may establish an advertising council (the "Franchise Advertising
Council") in the United States. The Franchise Advertising Council would
serve, once established, in an advisory capacity to us with respect to
certain advertising expenditures, including providing advice/guidance on
how to administer the Fund. At our discretion, the Franchise Advertising
Council may be comprised of our management representatives, employees,
you and/or other franchisees in the System. All members of the Franchise
Advertising Council shall be volunteers approved by us. We will have the
right to modify or dissolve a Franchise Advertising Council at any time.
(Franchise Agreement, Section 9(F)).

Online Directories

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 36 As another
means of advertising, you must ensure that the Franchised Business is
listed in appropriate Internet-based telephone directories that we
designate. You must ensure that your Franchised Business has a dedicated
telephone line that is not used for any other purpose.

Computer System Hardware and Software

You must purchase and use any hardware and software programs we require.
You must purchase and use all of the hardware and software set forth
below in connection with the operation of the franchised business. You
must own the Hardware that meets our specifications ("Computer System").
The estimated cost for the Computer System hardware is approximately
\$1,000 to \$2,000 (based on whether or not you already own and can
utilize certain of this hardware, which is disclosed more fully in Item
7 of this Disclosure Document).

You must keep your Computer System in good maintenance and repair and
install such additions, changes, modification, substitutions, and/or
replacements to the Computer System as we direct from time to time in
writing. While we do not require you to enter into any kind of support
or maintenance contract in connection with any Required Software or
other Computer System component, we estimate that you could expend
between \$500 and \$1,500 annually on these kinds of contracts, as well
as any updates or upgrades, associated with the current System
components.

You must use our designated cloud-based business management software
("Business Management Software") on your Computer System, which you must
currently license from us or our designated Approved Supplier. The cost
of the Business Management Software is currently \$350/month as of the
Issuance Date, plus 0.25% of Gross Sales generated by the Franchised
Business.

You and each of your employees must accept the then-current Terms and
Conditions for using our proprietary Spray-Network software. It will be
your responsibility to ensure that your employees have accepted the
then-current Terms and Conditions prior to their use of the
Spray-Network software.

In addition to our System's Business Management Software, you must
license certain Required Software from the appropriate third-party
providers/licensors that is necessary to operate your Franchised
Business, such as (a) online accounting software with payroll
capabilities, (b) email, (c) GPS functionality (if required by us in the
future or you wish to implement to track your Mobile Services Unit), and
(d) software designed to afford your Franchised Business a "vanity
number" that will be displayed when calling customers. As of the
Issuance Date, you must license this software from third-parties.

Our Approved Supplier(s) for certain software may provide normal system
maintenance and updates for the software from time to time. We or our
approved supplier may upgrade the software from time to time. However,
we are under no obligation to provide you with any ongoing service
related to the software. We reserve the right to require you, at your
expenses and in the time frame determined by us to update, upgrade or
change the Computer System and software you use in the Franchised
Business to confirm to new standards or specifications. As technology
improves, you will be required to upgrade your Computer System to
conform or purchase a new Computer System. No contractual limit exists
on the frequency or cost of this obligation.

We may revise our specifications at any time in our discretion. We do
not provide technical support for your Computer System or software. You
are solely responsible for protecting yourself from viruses, computer
hackers, and other communications and computer-related problems, and you
may not sue us for any harm caused by such communications and
computer-related problems.

Customer Warranty

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 37 You must
provide to your customers the Customer Warranty found in the Operations
Manual or other Manuals, which may be (a) modified from time to time,
and/or (b) include a specific durational warranty on certain Proprietary
Products and their application/installation (i.e., a 15-year warranty
against peeling).

Home Office or Otherwise

We do not currently require that you operate your Franchised Business
from a warehouse or other industrial space, and our standard franchise
offering assumes that you will operate from a Home Office. If you are
restricted from operating the Franchised Business out of your home
office and/or otherwise not able to park your Approved Vehicle at that
home office, due to local ordinance, CC&Rs, community rules and other
regulations, we will not unreasonably withhold our approval of a
third-party commercial space you propose.

Time to Open

If you are purchasing a new Franchised Business, we estimate that the
typical length of time between the signing of the Franchise Agreement
and the opening your Franchised Business is approximately 90 days.
Unless we grant you an extension of time in writing, which may be
granted or denied in our sole discretion, you must have your Franchised
Business open and in operation no later than 120 days after you sign the
Franchise Agreement. Some factors that may affect this timing are your
ability to secure any necessary financing, the timing of the delivery of
equipment and supplies, the availability and scheduling the initial
training program, the timing of your initial and grand opening
marketing, the timing and available of staff for your on-site training.

You must establish and operate your Franchised Business in compliance
with the Franchise Agreement and the standards and specifications
contained in our Manuals. The Operations Manual consists of one or more
manuals, technical bulletins or other written materials and may be
modified by us periodically. The Operations Manual may be in printed or
in an electronic format in our discretion. We reserve the right to
require you to use an electronic version of the Operations Manual and to
require you to access the document using the Internet or an intranet
created and supported by us.

Training Program and Related Disclosures

Before the opening of your Franchised Business, we provide an initial
training program conducted at the times designated by us if you are a
new System franchisee. A portion of this training is done online via our
E Learning Network and the balance of training is usually conducted
within your Designated Territory.

The first portion of the initial training is conducted online via our
E-Learning Network. This training takes approximately 3-5 days depending
upon how often you choose to participate in the online training and
covers some basic introductory topics regarding the System and our brand
generally.

The in-person portion of our Initial Training Program typically lasts up
to 5 business days of classroom instruction. We also provide up to (a)
three (3) business days (typically, between 2-3 days) of sales training
("Sales Training"), and (b) five (5) business days of production
training ("Production Training") in your Designated Territory.

        1.      The Sales Training is conducted after (a) you have satisfactorily completed the classroom
                instruction; (b) the initial and grand opening marketing for your Franchised Business
                begins; and (c) you have secured an agreed to certain number of appointments for Services.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 38  The
Production Training is conducted after you complete the Sales Training
and have secured an agreed to number of contracts for Services.

        2.       The instruction materials for the initial training program include the Operations Manual,
                 power-point slides and on-line course materials.

        3.       You or, if you are not an individual, your Designated Manager and up to one additional
                 person must attend and successfully complete the Initial Training Program to our
                 satisfaction before your commence operations of your Franchised Business.

You may have up to two (2) people attend the training program conducted
at no additional cost. If you have additional participants attend the
initial training program, you will pay our then-current fees for each
additional participant and you must receive our prior approval. If a
Designated Manager's employment with you is terminated, you must
designate a new Designated Manager who must successfully complete our
initial training program within 90 days after the termination of the
initial Designated Manager, unless we do not hold an initial training
program during that 90-day period in which case the replacement
Designated Manager must attend and successfully complete the first
available initial training program held by us. You may be charged an
Additional Training Fee for a replacement Designated Manager, and the
costs for airfare, ground transportation, lodging, meals, and the
Designated Manager's salary and benefits must be paid by you.

You will pay the Initial Training Fee for the initial training program.
You will also be responsible for covering all costs and expenses
associated with airfare, lodging, most meals, ground transportation,
personnel wages and benefits (if any), and any other personal expenses
for yourself and any additional attendees incurred during this time. If
you do not complete our initial training program to our satisfaction, we
may terminate the franchise agreement and return a portion of the
Initial Franchise Fee to you in exchange for a release and
confidentiality agreement.

The subjects covered in the initial training program and the approximate
amount of time devoted to each subject is described below. However, the
initial training program may be modified at our discretion. The exact
number and distribution of hours of training may vary.

                                     INITIAL TRAINING PROGRAM

           Module                Hours of          Hours On-the-Job                   Location
                                Classroom             Training
                                 Training

Vision and Values .2 0 Virtual training Paint Systems 4 0 Virtual
training Budgeting 4 0 Virtual training Cash Flow 2 0 Virtual training

Weekly Goals and 2 0 Virtual training Planner Spray Network & 12 8
Virtual training and Within your Estimating Designated Territory or at
your Franchised Business

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 39  Module Hours
of Hours On-the-Job Location Classroom Training Training

Selling 8 8 Virtual training and Within your Designated Territory or at
your Franchised Business Recruiting 2 0 Virtual training

Interviewing 2 0 Virtual training

Hiring 2 0 Virtual training

Expectation Setting 2 0 Virtual training

Culture Building 2 0 Virtual training

Goal Setting and 2 0 Virtual training Review Marketing/Customer 2 0
Virtual training Experience Production 8 36 Virtual training and Within
your Designated Territory or at your Franchised Business Productivity 2
10 Virtual training and Within your Designated Territory or at your
Franchised Business Profitability 4 5 Virtual training

Procurement / Quality 2 5 Virtual training and Within your Control
Designated Territory or at your Franchised Business Total 64 74

Bruce Seguin oversees the initial training we provide to System
franchisees. Bruce Seguin has served with us and our brand since 2019,
and he has over 10 years of experience in most of the subject matters
comprising the training program described above via his prior experience
in the painting and remodeling industry.

We may present seminars, conventions or continuing development programs
for the benefit of Franchisees. Your attendance at these seminars is
mandatory in our discretion. However, you or your Designated Manager
must attend any mandatory seminar, convention, or program we may offer
and your failure to do so shall be a material breach of the Franchise
Agreement entitling us to take interim or contractual enforcement
action, including termination. You or your Designated Manager will not
be required to attend

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 40 any mandatory
seminar, convention or program more than twice (2x) per year. We will
give you at least 30 days' prior written notice of any seminar,
convention or program that are considered mandatory. You must pay for
your travel and living expenses incurred in attending any mandatory or
voluntary seminar, convention or training program. In addition, we may
charge our then current published fee for attendance at any of the
seminars, conventions and programs. If you fail to attend any meeting,
in addition to our rights, you will still have to pay us the applicable
attendance fees.

                                                 ITEM 12
                                               TERRITORY

Grant of Territory

At the time of signing your Franchise Agreement we will designate your
Designated Territory. The scope of your Designated Territory will vary
from the scope and size of the operating territories of other
franchisees in our System depending on local factors, market conditions,
and whether or not, at the time of signing your Franchise Agreement, you
increase the size of your Designated Territory from a Base Territory to
a Base Territory that has been supplemented by the purchase of
additional Qualified Single-Family Households and/or Additional
Territories. A Base Territory, generally, will consist of a geographic
area that includes approximately 75,000 qualified single family
households with annual household income exceeding \$60,000 (each a
"Qualified Single-Family Household"). Subject to availability, our
approval, and payment of additional Initial Franchise Fees identified in
Item 5 of this Disclosure Document, you may add additional Qualified
Single-Family Households and/or Additional Designated Territories. Each
Additional Designated Territory will also include approximately 75,000
Qualified Single-Family Households. The number of single-family
households with the required household income level will be determined
in the aggregate and will be calculated based on raw data and without
regard to demographics or age. Your local marketing expenditure will
increase if you add Additional Designated Territories.

Relocation

We do not expect or intend to refuse your request for relocation unless
it is clear that your proposed relocation site is not suitable for the
operational base of a Franchised Business (including parking for all
Approved Vehicle(s) that are equipped in accordance with System
standards). If you can nolonger use the location due to circumstances
beyond your control, including unreasonable lease terms or destruction
of the premises, we will not unreasonably withhold our written consent
to relocate.

Establishment of Additional Franchised Businesses

You do not have the right to establish additional Spray-Net Franchised
Businesses.

Options and Rights of First Refusal to Acquire Additional Franchises

You are not granted any options, rights of first refusal, or similar
rights to acquire additional franchises.

Territory Rights

You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition
from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels
of distribution or competitive brands that we control. For so long as
you are in compliance with the terms of your Franchise Agreement, we
will not establish any other Business utilizing the Proprietary Marks
and System from a location within your Designated Territory. We may
establish alternate channels of distribution selling similar services
and products, including e-commerce, Internet, mail order or catalogs (as
disclosed more fully below under the heading "Reservation of Rights").

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 41 Under certain
circumstances, you may accept customers from outside your Designated
Territory as long as these customers do not reside in the Designated
Territory of another franchisee (unless that other franchisee consents).
You may not: (i) solicit or advertise within the Designated Territory of
another franchisee without that franchisee's express consent and/or
cooperation; (ii) solicit or advertise on the Internet without our
consent; or (iii) service any customer that resides within the protected
territory of another Spray-Net business, unless you obtain the prior
consent of the owner of that business.

We reserve the right to develop additional product and service offerings
("Ancillary Services") that we may make available for you to offer
through your Franchised Business. We reserve the right to offer such
Ancillary Services within your Designated Territory ourselves, through
an affiliate of ours, or through another franchisee. You may, subject to
your eligibility, purchase the rights to offer Ancillary Services within
your Designated Territory(ies). However, nothing in the Franchise
Agreement grants you any exclusivity or a right of first refusal related
to Ancillary Services in your Designated Territory(ies).

Minimum Performance

Our System has established minimum Gross Sales levels that, if not met
by you, will constitute grounds for us to require you to (a) attend
additional training, (b) provide an accounting of all local advertising
and other marketing spends, including all required amounts paid to
Approved Suppliers, and/or (c) revoke your approval to provide any
previously-authorized Ancillary Services.

Your applicable minimum Gross Sales for a given year of operations will
depend on how long you have been in operation and the number of
Designated Territories you have purchased:

                                 Minimum Gross Sales


                                1 Designated        2 Designated        3 Designated
         Period(s)
                                  Territory          Territories         Territories

First Year of Operation \$300,000 \$350,000 \$375,000 Second Year of
Operation \$431,250 \$475,000 \$575,000 Third Year of Operation
\$506,250 \$600,000 \$725,000 Fourth Year of Operation \$531,563
\$700,000 \$800,000 Fifth Year of Operation \$558,141 \$735,000
\$860,000 \$586,048 \$771,750 \$924,500 Sixth Year of Operation
\$615,350 \$810,338 \$993,838 Seventh Year of Operation \$646,118
\$850,854 \$1,068,375 Eighth Year of Operation \$678,423 \$893,397
\$1,148,503 Ninth Year of Operation \$712,345 \$938,067 \$1,234,641
Tenth Year of Operation

The failure of your Franchised Business fails to generate Gross Sales
that amounts to at least 70% of the applicable minimum Gross Sales for a
given period of operations detailed in the Chart above will be grounds

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 42 for us to (a)
terminate your Franchise Agreement or (b) otherwise reduce the number
and/or size of your Designated Territory(ies) awarded under the
governing Franchise Agreement.

If we elect to reduce the size of your Designated Territory(ies) as an
alternative to terminating your Franchise Agreement, we will provide you
an Addendum that details the size and boundaries of your reduced
territory. You must execute this addendum within ten (10) calendar days
of your receipt thereof, or your Franchise Agreement will be terminated.
Once your Designated Territory is effectively reduced, we may own or
operate, or license another to operate, additional Businesses anywhere
outside your revised Designated Territory. If we reduce the size of your
Designated Territory under the terms of Item 12, you do not have the
right to nor will you receive compensation for any value of the
forfeited portion of your Designated Territory. If the zip codes used to
define your territory should be changed in the future by the U.S. Post
Office or other government agency, we may require you to execute an
addendum to your franchise agreement to redefine the physical territory
using new zip code numbers. Redefinition of your territory to comply
with the U.S. Post Office or other government agency's definition does
not constitute a material change to the franchise agreement.

Except as stated above, we may not modify your Designated Territory for
any reason other than by mutual agreement.

Reservation of Rights

Your rights under the Franchise Agreement do not include: (i) any right
to offer any Spray-Net product or service via e-commerce; (ii) any right
to establish an independent website or to establish a URL incorporating
the Proprietary Marks or any variation thereof; (iii) any right to sell
Spray-Net merchandise via wholesale; (iv) any right to otherwise
distribute, market, or implement our products and services in any
channel of distribution not specifically identified in this Agreement;
(v) the right to sub-license the Franchised Business in any fashion; or
(vi) the right to sell and or all of your Designated Territory
independent of your entire Franchised Business to another person or
franchisee without our written permission.

You expressly understand and agree that we and our affiliates shall have
the right, in our sole discretion, to: (i) own and operate franchised
businesses at any location(s) outside of the Designated Territory under
the Proprietary Marks, or to license others the right to own and operate
Spray-Net businesses at any location(s) outside of the Designated
Territory under the Proprietary Marks and System; (ii) the right to own
and operate businesses under different marks at any location(s) inside
or outside of your Designated Territory, or license to others the right
to own and operate such businesses, under different marks at any
location(s) inside or outside of Designated Territory (such businesses
will not primarily provide painting products and services); (iii) use
the Proprietary Marks and System in connection with services and
products, promotional and marketing efforts, or related items, or in
alternative channels of distribution, including the sale of any products
in wholesale and retail stores, via the Internet, and through mail order
catalog, without regard to location; and (iv) use the Proprietary Marks
and System, and license others to use the Marks and System to engage in
any other activities not expressly prohibited in this Agreement.

You do not have any of the foregoing rights under your Franchise
Agreement, and we are not required to provide you any compensation in
connection with (a) soliciting or accepting orders inside your
Designated Territory via any alternative channels of distribution or (b)
any of the other reserved rights above.

Additional Disclosures

We have not established other franchises or company-owned outlets or
another distribution channel selling or leasing similar products or
services under a different trademark. Neither we nor either of our
affiliates

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 43 have
established, or presently intend to establish, any other franchised or
company-owned businesses that sell our Proprietary Products under a
different trade name or trademark, but we reserve the right to do so in
the future.

                                              ITEM 13
                                            TRADEMARKS

Under your Franchise Agreement, we will grant you a non-exclusive
license to use our then-current Proprietary Marks solely in connection
with your Franchised Business and as authorized in your Franchise
Agreement, our Manuals or otherwise by us in writing. We currently
license you the following Marks, including our current principal mark
SPRAY-NET, that are registered with the United States Patent and
Trademark Office ("USPTO"):

                                                         REGISTRATION               REGISTRATION
                        MARK
                                                           NUMBER                        DATE
                     SPRAY-NET                              7702917                 February 25, 2025

                                                              7702918                February 25, 2025

Our Affiliate, SN Quebec, intends to file all required affidavits with
the USPTO to maintain the registrations for the Proprietary Marks above.
As of the Issuance Date, SN Quebec has not been required to file any
renewals for the above marks.

The Proprietary Marks are owned by SN Quebec and are licensed
exclusively to us and our Affiliate, which has granted us an exclusive,
royalty-free license ("Trademark License") to use the Marks for purposes
of franchising the System around the world. The Trademark License
extends perpetually provided we are not in default or do not materially
breach the Trademark License by engaging in any activity which damages
the Marks or the goodwill of the System. In the event the Trademark
License is terminated, our Franchisees will continue to be able to use
the Proprietary Marks until such time as each Franchise Agreement
expires or is otherwise terminated.

You must strictly comply with our standards, policies, specifications,
rules, requirements, and instructions regarding the use of the
Proprietary Marks. The goodwill associated with our Proprietary Marks
will remain our exclusive property, and you will receive no tangible
benefit from our goodwill, except from the operation or possible sale of
the Franchised Business during the term of the Franchise Agreement. Any
increase in the goodwill associated with our Proprietary Marks during
the term of the Franchise Agreement will benefit us. All rights to use
our Proprietary Marks will automatically revert to us without cost and
without the execution or delivery of any documents, upon the expiration
or termination of the Franchise Agreement.

You may not use all or any portion of our Proprietary Marks as part of
your company name and, without our prior written consent, as part of
your trade name. You may not modify the Proprietary Marks in any manner,
including with words, designs or symbols, except those which we license
to you. You may not use our Proprietary Marks in connection with the
sale of an unauthorized product or service or in a manner not authorized
in writing by us. During the term of the Franchise Agreement and
continuing after the expiration or termination of the Franchise
Agreement, neither you nor any of your managers will, directly or
indirectly, contest, challenge or assist in the contesting or
challenging of, our right, title, ownership, or interest in our
Proprietary Marks, trade secrets, methods, procedures, and advertising
techniques that are part of our

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 44 franchise
system, or contest our sole right to register, use, or license others to
use, our Proprietary Marks, trade secrets, methods, procedures,
advertising techniques, and any other mark or name that incorporates the
words "SPRAY-NET" or any similar phrase.

As of the Issuance Date of this Disclosure Document, there is no
litigation pending arising out of our Proprietary Marks, and we are not
aware of any infringing use of our Proprietary Marks. Presently, there
are not any effective material determinations of the USPTO, the
Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any
state, province, territory, or region, or any court adverse to our
rights in the Proprietary Marks, nor are there any pending infringement,
opposition, cancellation proceedings, or material litigation, involving
the Proprietary Marks.

Other than the license agreement with our affiliate discussed above, we
are not a party to, or bound by, any agreement that significantly limits
our rights to use or license others to use the Registered Mark or any of
the other Proprietary Marks in any manner material to the franchise we
offer.

You must immediately notify us, in writing, if you become aware of any
unauthorized use of our Proprietary Mark or other proprietary
information, and you must permit us to participate in any litigation
involving you and our Proprietary Marks. We will take the action we
think appropriate. While we are not required to defend you against a
claim against your use of our Proprietary Marks, we will reimburse you
for all of your expenses reasonably incurred in any legal proceeding
disputing your authorized use of any Proprietary Mark, in compliance
with the Franchise Agreement and our written directives, so long as you
notify us of the proceeding in a timely manner and you have complied
with our directions with regard to the proceeding. We have the right to
control the defense and settlement of any proceeding. We will not
reimburse you for your expenses and legal fees for separate, independent
legal counsel and for expenses in removing signage or discontinuing your
use of any Proprietary Marks. We will not reimburse you for disputes
where we challenge your use of a Proprietary Marks.

You must modify or discontinue the use of a trademark if we modify or
discontinue it. If this happens, you will be responsible for your
tangible costs of compliance (for example, changing exterior and
interior signage, advertisements and promotional material, etc.). We are
not obligated to reimburse you for any loss of revenue attributable to
the modified or discontinued mark or for any expenditure you incur to
promote a modified or substitute mark.

                                     ITEM 14
                PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

Under your Franchise Agreement, we will grant you a non-exclusive
license to use certain subject matter that is subject to a patent or
pending patent application, which you may only use in connection with
your Franchised Business and as authorized in your Franchise Agreement,
our Manuals or otherwise by us in writing. Our right to use or license
these patents is not materially limited by any agreement or known
infringing use.

U.S. Patent No. 10,864,767 was issued to our affiliate, Spray-Net
Franchises Inc., on December 15, 2020 for a system and method for
selecting paint compositions based on expected paint application
conditions. This is a utility patent, and the term of this patent is for
20 years. You will utilize this system and method in your operation of a
Franchised Business.

U.S. Patent No. 10,926,579 was issued to our affiliate, Spray-Net
Franchises Inc., on February 23, 2021 for a system and method for
selecting paint compositions per layer based on substrate conditions.
This is a utility patent, and the term of this patent is for 20 years.
You will utilize this system and method in your operation of a
Franchised Business.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 45 U.S. Patent
No. 11,345,185 was issued to our affiliate, Spray-Net Franchises Inc.,
on May 31, 2022 for a system and method for selecting paint compositions
based on expected paint application conditions. This is a utility
patent, and the term of this patent is for 20 years. You will utilize
this system and method in your operation of a Franchised Business.

U.S. Patent No. 11,123,456 was issued to our affiliate, Spray-Net
Franchises Inc., on March 15, 2025 for a method for rejuvenating a roof
and roof coating composition. This is a utility patent, and the term of
this patent is for 20 years. You will utilize this system and method in
your operation of a Franchised Business.

Additionally, our affiliate, Spray-Net Franchises Inc., filed the
following patent application, which is still pending examination by the
USPTO:

                          Title                                           Application No.

METHOD AND KIT COMPOSITIONS FOR 63/710,221 REJUVENATING ASPHALT
ROOFSHINGLES

Except as provided above, you do not receive the right to use an item
covered by a patent or copyright, except that you can use the
proprietary information in our Manual and our affiliate's products
(described in Item 11 of this disclosure document). Although we have not
filed an application for a copyright registration for our Manuals or
advertising materials, we claim common law copyright in these materials
and all other proprietary materials that we and/or our principals
develop for use in connection with the System or a Franchised Business.
We consider our Manual to be confidential and require you to treat it as
confidential. You must tell us when you learn about any unauthorized use
of our Manual. We have not filed a patent on our proprietary products.

There are no current determinations, proceedings or litigation involving
any of our copyrighted materials. Should you become aware that any
unauthorized third party is using any of our copyrighted materials, we
request that you notify us of such unauthorized use. We may revise our
System and any of our copyrighted materials in our discretion, and may
require that you cease using any outdated copyrighted material. You will
be responsible for printing any revised or new advertising, marketing or
other business materials.

During the term of the Franchise Agreement and/or Option Agreement, you
will receive information which we consider trade secrets and
confidential information. You may not, during the term of the Franchise
Agreement/Option Agreement or any time after that, communicate, divulge,
or use for the benefit of any other person, partnership, association,
corporation, or limited liability company any of these trade secrets,
copyrighted materials, methods and other techniques and know-how
concerning the operation of the Franchised Business (the "Confidential
Information"). You may divulge such Confidential Information only to
your employees who must have access to it in order to perform their
employment obligations.

The Franchise Agreement provides that if you, your employees, or
principals develop any inventions, discoveries, and improvements,
whether or not patentable or copyrightable, that are conceived or made
by you or your employees or agents that are in any way related to the
establishment or operation of the Franchised Business (collectively, the
"Improvements"), you must disclose those Improvements to us and all such
Improvements will automatically and without further action be owned by
us without compensation to you (including all intellectual property
rights therein). Whenever requested to do so by us, you will execute any
and all applications, assignments, or other instruments that we may deem
necessary to apply for and obtain intellectual property protection or to
otherwise protect our interest therein. These obligations shall continue
beyond the termination or expiration of this Agreement. If a court
should determine that we

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 46 cannot
automatically own certain of the Improvements that may be developed,
then you hereby agree to grant us a perpetual, royalty-free worldwide
license to use and sublicense others to use such Improvements.

We may revise any of our copyrighted materials at our discretion and may
require that you cease using any outdated item or portion of the
Manuals.

                                        ITEM 15
                        OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL
                          OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS

We require that you personally participate in the actual operation of
your Franchised Business. You, if an individual, and certain persons
affiliated with you, are required to attend, and successfully complete
to our satisfaction, our training programs (described more fully in Item
11 above), and certain other training programs that we designate
provided by third parties. All training must be completed prior to
opening the Franchised Business.

Under certain conditions and with our prior approval, we may permit you
to appoint a Designated Manager to handle day-to-day management of the
Franchised Business on-site at the premises. Your Designated Manager
must complete all components of our initial training, but we do not
require that your Designated Manager immediately have an ownership
interest in a corporate or partnership franchisee. If you engage a
Designated Manager to manage the day-to-day operations of the Franchised
Business, your Designated Manager must, by one (1) year after the
Franchised Business opens for business, either (i) own ten percent (10%)
of the equity interest in Franchisee and/or the Franchised Business or
(ii) be granted a compensation package that grants the Designated
Manager ten percent (10%) of the equity interest in Franchisee and/or
the Franchised Business within a reasonable period of time. The
Designated Manager will need to be approved by us and will need to sign
the form of Confidentiality and Non-Compete Agreement in a form
substantially similar to the form attached to your Franchise Agreement.
Any Designated Manager, including any replacement manager, must attend
and complete all required training before assuming any management
responsibility in connection with your Franchised Business.

If you or your Designated Manager are not physically present on-site at
a given customer job, then there must be at least one (1) SN Specialist
present that can provide the kind of Approved Services at issue,
including any Approved Services involving any Proprietary Products.

It is important to note that we are not your employer and that you will
have the right to control all decisions related to recruiting, hiring or
firing any personnel, including any managers. Please note that nothing
in this Disclosure Document or any agreement you enter into with us will
create any type of employer or joint employer relationship between (a)
you and/or your personnel, and (b) us.

Each person owning an interest in the franchisee (if an entity) must
sign a personal guaranty (attached as Schedule "B" to the form of
Franchise Agreement attached to this Disclosure Document) assuming and
agreeing to discharge all obligations of the "Franchisee" under the
Franchise Agreement.

                                      ITEM 16
                   RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

You must conduct your business in accordance with our confidential and
proprietary Operations Manual, other Manual(s), training materials and
System policies in order to protect our reputation and goodwill and to
maintain our high standards of operation under our Proprietary Marks.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 47 You must use
the premises solely for the operation of the Franchised Business, and
must keep the location open and in normal operation for the hours and
days as we may specify in the Manual or as we may otherwise approve in
writing.

You are prohibited from offering or selling any products or services not
authorized in writing by us. The non-competition of this agreement (Item
17) does not permit you to have ownership or interest in a competing
business, including any operation, formal or otherwise, of a business
that offers any of the products or services provided by Businesses
(which includes any services that affects the building envelope of a
residential or commercial structure, regardless of age). Any and all
services you provide to your customers must be provided in accordance
with the standards established by us.

You are not limited in the customers you may serve from your Franchised
Business, but you may not serve customers who reside in the Designated
Territory of another Business without obtaining the prior written
consent of the owner of the Designated Territory where that customer
resides. You are not permitted to distribute Spray-Net Inc. products on
a non-retail or wholesale basis without our prior written consent.

You may only, and must, offer and provide the Approved Services we
designate, and which we may supplement, change or otherwise modify from
time to time in the Manuals or otherwise in a writing to you.

    -   During your initial period of operations, our standard franchise offering expects and assumes that
        you will operate from a home office and will provide the painting and other initial Approved
        Services that all of our new System franchisees are typically authorized to provide upon completion
        of training and all other pre-opening requirements under the Franchise Agreement.

    -   Before any one (1) of your personnel or Designated Manager may engage in providing any of the
        Approved Services, that individual must complete the necessary training to become an Authorized
        Painter with respect to the Authorized Painter Services that the individual intends to provide to
        customers of the Franchised Business.

    -   Once you have launched your Franchised Business and been operating in compliance with your
        Franchise Agreement for a period of one (1) year (or other period of time we agree to in a separate
        writing outside our standard franchise offering), you may request the right to provide one (1) or
        more of the Ancillary Services that we generally allow only our more experienced Business
        operators promote and perform on behalf of Clients. As of the Issuance Date, we may condition
        our approval of any request you make to provide a given Ancillary Service on the following (the
        “Current Ancillary Service Conditions” or “CASCs”):

            o   Your operation of the Franchised Business over the one (1) year period disclosed above;

            o   You demonstrating to us that the Franchised Business has otherwise been able to timely
                provide the Approved Services and progress Client Projects without Client complaint, or
                any reporting or other issue;

            o   Acquiring any additional equipment and/or other operating supplies we designate as
                necessary to commence offering the Ancillary Service(s) at issue (total cost of this is
                approximately $20,000 to $30,000), as well as any additional or supplemental training we
                require and additional marketing expenditures for such Ancillary Service(s)
                (approximately $25,000), at your expense and prior to you offering or providing such
                Ancillary Service(s) via your Franchised Business in any manner;

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 48  o Your
Franchised Business generating Gross Sales necessary to meet and exceed
your then- current Minimum Gross Sales under the Franchise Agreement by
15% for a period of at least three (3) consecutive months; and

                 o    You entering into a form of addendum to the Franchise Agreement memorializing your
                      satisfaction of the above conditions, the specific Ancillary Service(s) you will be
                      authorized to offer moving forward until such time that we advise you that (a) you are in
                      material default of your Franchise Agreement and must therefore cease provision of the
                      Ancillary Services until such default is cured, or (b) we are no longer authorizing the
                      provision of the Authorized Services by your Franchised Business and the bases for this
                      decision (with at least 30 days’ prior notice, if and as possible), which may also contain a
                      general release by you of us and our related parties.

     We may modify the CASCS in the Manuals or otherwise in writing to our System franchisees, but we
     expect and intend to use the above conditions as the primary criteria for evaluating any request to provide
     such Ancillary Services.

     In the event a given System franchisee has not undertaken on its own to request and obtain the right to
     provide certain Ancillary Services after operating for a period of two (2) years, we may require you to
     commence providing certain Ancillary Services and acquire the necessary equipment/training to do so.

     We do not impose any other restrictions in the Franchise Agreement as to the customers to whom you may
     sell. We reserve the right to expand and otherwise modify the Approved Products and/or Approved
     Services that you may offer and provide through your Franchised Business (through limited trials or
     otherwise). There is no limit on our right to request expansion of the goods and products offered and you
     will be required to offer new products and services that we introduce from time to time. We may also
     discontinue any products or services that we previously approved for your Franchised Business to offer and
     sell upon providing you with written notice, and you must cease offering any product or service we
     discontinue immediately upon receiving notice from us.

                                               ITEM 17
                                   RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER
                                       AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

                                      THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP

     This table lists important provisions of the franchise and related agreements. You should read these
     provisions in the agreements attached to this disclosure document.

                                  Section in
                                  Franchise
          Provision               Agreement                                      Summary

a.  Term of franchise Section 3(A) The initial term is for 10 years
    commencing on the date we sign your Franchise Agreement.

b.  Renewal or Section 3(B) You have the right to be considered for
    one (1) additional 10- extension of the term year term.

<!-- -->

     ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
     2025 Franchise Disclosure Document                49

Section in Franchise Provision Agreement Summary c. Requirements for
Section 3(B) In order to renew (which means renewing your franchise
franchisee to renew relationship with us), you must: (i) not have any
uncured material or extend defaults under your Franchise Agreement
(including any monetary defaults) or any other agreement between you and
us; (ii) execute our then-current franchise agreement (which may contain
materially different terms and conditions than your original franchise
agreement); (iii) pay us our renewal fee of \$10,000; (iv) complete our
then-current refresher training course; (v) execute a general release;
(vi) must have participate in and supported the operational procedures
recommended or provided by us; and (vii) re-image, renovate, refurbish
and modernize the Approved Vehicles and Franchised Business.
d. Termination by Not Applicable You may terminate the Franchise
Agreement for any reasons franchisee allowable under the law.

e.  Termination by Not Applicable Not Applicable franchisor without
    cause

f.  Termination by Section 15 We may terminate your Franchise Agreement
    with cause as franchisor with described in (g)-(h) of this Item 17
    Chart. cause

g.  "Cause" defined -- Section Your Franchise Agreement may be
    terminated based on the curative defaults 15(B) following defaults
    after the applicable cure periods: (i) if you fail to cure any of
    the following defaults after 10 days' notice: (a) failure to provide
    the Approved Services using only the Proprietary Products and other
    products we approve or failure to offer any Approved Service or
    Approved Product we require; (b) the provision of any Ancillary
    Service without proper approval or other authority from us; (c) any
    purchase of any non-approved item or service; (d) failure to
    purchase any item from the appropriate Approved Supplier(s), and (e)
    fail to cure any monetary default; (ii) you fail to provide us with
    access to the Computer System and fail to remedy this default within
    48 hours; (iii) you fail, after 15 days' notice, to comply with any
    applicable law; (iv) you fail, after 10 days' notice, to obtain any
    applicable license, certificate, permits, or approval; and (v) you
    fail to meet the Minimum Productivity Levels.

                              Section 15(C)   Except as provided above and those defaults listed in (h) of this
                                              Item 17 Chart, you must cure all other defaults and violations of
                                              any provision of your Franchise Agreement or any other
                                              agreement with us or our affiliates within 30 days of being
                                              provided with notice of your default(s).

h.  "Cause" defined -- Section 15(A) Your Franchise Agreement may be
    terminated automatically and non-curative defaults without notice
    from us if: (i) you become insolvent or make a

<!-- -->

     ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
     2025 Franchise Disclosure Document           50

Section in Franchise Provision Agreement Summary general assignment for
the benefit of creditors; (ii) a bankruptcy petition if filed by or
against you and not dismissed within 30 days; (iii) a bill in equity or
appointment of receivership is filed in connection with you or the
Franchised Business; (iv) a receiver or custodian of your assets of
property is appointed; (v) a final judgment in the amount of \$10,000 or
more is entered against you and not satisfied within 60 days (or longer
period if we consent); and (vi) you attempt to make an invalid transfer
in violation of Section 13 of your Franchise Agreement. Section 15(B)
Your Franchise Agreement may be terminated with notice but without an
opportunity to cure: (i) if you commit any fraud or misrepresentation in
the establishment or operation of the Franchised Business; (ii) if you
fail to attend and complete the Initial Training Program; (iii) if you
receive 3 or more notices to cure the same or similar defaults within
any 12-month period; (iv) you violate the in-term restrictive covenant;
(v) you misuse the Proprietary Marks or Confidential Information; (vi)
you misuses any proprietary software; (vii) you default under any other
agreement with us, our affiliate(s) or any Approved Supplier and such
default is not cured according to such agreement; (viii) you default
under your lease; (ix) you fail to open the Franchised Business in the
time required; (x) you abandon the Franchised Business; (xi) you are
convicted of a felony or other crime that adversely affects the System;
(xii) you take for your own personal use the assets or property of the
Franchised Business for any competitive or other commercial use; (xiii)
there are insufficient funds in your Payment Account 3 or more times in
any 12-month period; (xiv) you commit repeated violates of any
applicable laws; or (xv) you on 3 or more occasions, fail to comply with
the standards and specifications found in the Spray-Net Operations
Manual during any 18 month period, whether or not these failures were
timely cured. i. Franchisee's Section 16 Upon termination or early
expiration of the Franchise Agreement, obligations on your obligations
include: (i) cease ownership and operation of the termination/non-
Franchised Business and cease doing business in a form or renewal manner
that may give the general public the impression that you are operating a
Franchised Business; (ii) return of the Spray-Net Operations Manual or
any other Confidential Information to us; (iii) assign to us all
approved services contracts, telephone/fax numbers and domain names;
(iv) cease the use of the Proprietary Marks and trade dress; (v) comply
with all post-term restrictive covenants; (vi) pay us and our Approved
Suppliers any amounts owed; (vii) provide us with written confirmation
of compliance with these obligations within 30 days; and (vii) cancel
or, at our option, assign us all telephone/facsimile numbers and domain

     ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
     2025 Franchise Disclosure Document           51

Section in Franchise Provision Agreement Summary names (if permitted)
used in connection with the Franchised Business (as well as all related
listings) to us or our designee. j. Assignment of Section 13(G) No
restriction on our right to assign. contract by Franchisor k. "Transfer"
by Section 13(A) Includes any transfer of Franchise Agreement, assets of
the Franchisor -- defined and Section Franchised Business, or ownership
change in you (as the 13(C) Franchisee). l. Franchisor's Section 13(A)
We must approve all transfers, but we will not unreasonably approval of
transfer withhold our approval if you meet our conditions. by Franchisee
m. Conditions for Section 13(E) We have the right to impose the
following conditions on any Franchisor's transfer by you: (i) all of
your accrued monetary obligations approval of transfer under the
Franchise Agreement have been satisfied; (ii) you cure all existing
defaults under the Franchise Agreement; (iii) you and your principals
must execute a general release; (iv) you or the transferee provides us
with a copy of the executed purchase agreement; (v) the transferee must
meet our then-current qualifications and criteria for a new franchisee;
(vi) the transferee executes our then-current franchise agreement; (vii)
you or the transferee pays us a transfer fee of \$10,000; (viii) the
transferee satisfactorily completes our Initial Training Program; (ix)
you must comply with all post-termination provisions of the Franchise
Agreement; (x) the transferee must obtain all permits and licenses
required for the continued operation of the Franchised Business; (xi)
all applicable lessors consent to the proposed transfer; (xii) if
applicable, you reimburse us for any and all costs of brokerage
commissions, finder's fees, or similar charges; and (xiii) the transfer
is made in compliance with all applicable laws. n. Franchisor's right of
Section 13(D) If (a) you propose to transfer any of your interest in the
Franchise first refusal to Agreement or Franchised Business or any
interest in your lease acquire Franchisee's for the Premises, or (b)
your owners propose to transfer any business interest in you (if you are
an entity), except in certain circumstances (death/disability or
transfer from individual franchisee to business entity), then you shall
first offer to sell such interest to us on the same terms and conditions
as offered by such third party. If we do not exercise this right, then
you will have 60 days to effectuate the transfer to the third party that
made the offer on those exact terms -- if the transfer does not occur or
the proposed terms of the offer change in any way, then we will have
another 30 days to exercise our right of first refusal.

     ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
     2025 Franchise Disclosure Document           52

Section in Franchise Provision Agreement Summary o. Franchisor's option
Section 16(H) Upon expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement,
we to purchase have the option to purchase your assets at net
depreciated book Franchisee's value. business p. Franchisee's death
Section 13(B) You will have a period of 180 days to find a suitable
legal or disability representative that we approve to continue the
operation of your Franchised Business, provided that person completes
our Initial Training Program and signs our then-current franchise
agreement for the remainder of your term.

                                                  During this 180-day period, we may step in and operate the
                                                  Franchised Business on your behalf and pay ourselves a
                                                  reasonable amount to reimburse our costs associated with this
                                                  operation on your behalf. We are not under any obligation to step
                                                  in and operate your business during this period.

q.  Non-competition Section 14(A) Neither you, your principals,
    guarantors, owners or Designated covenants during the Managers, nor
    any immediate family member of you, your term of the franchise
    principals, guarantors, owners or Designated Managers, may: (i) own,
    operate, or otherwise be involved with, Competing Business (as
    defined in the Franchise Agreement); (ii) employ or seek to employ
    any of employees or us, our affiliates or any other System
    franchisee or induce such persons to leave their employment;
    or (iii) divert, or attempt to divert, any prospective customer to a
    Competing Business.

r.  Non-competition Section 14(B)(1) For a period of two (2) years after
    the covenants after the termination/expiration/transfer of your
    Franchise Agreement, franchise is neither you, your principals,
    guarantors, owners, Designated terminated or expires Managers, nor
    any immediate family member of you, your principals, guarantors,
    owners, Designated Managers, may own, operate or otherwise be
    involved with any business that competes with us and is involved in
    the licensing or franchising, or establishing of joint ventures for
    the operation, of any Competing Business.

                             Section 14B)(2)    For     a    period     of    two     (2)    years     after    the
                                                termination/expiration/transfer of your Franchise Agreement,
                                                neither you, your principals, guarantors, owners, Designated
                                                Managers, nor any immediate family member of you, your
                                                principals, guarantors, owners, Designated Managers, may own,
                                                operate or otherwise be involved with and Competing Business:
                                                (i) within your Designated Territory; (ii) within a 50-mile radius
                                                of your Designated Territory; (iii) within a 50-mile radius of any
                                                franchised business that is open and operating as of the date your
                                                Franchise Agreement expires and/or is terminated; (iv) within a
                                                50-mile radius of any other designated territory that has been
                                                granted by us or our affiliates in connection with any franchised

<!-- -->

     ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
     2025 Franchise Disclosure Document             53

Section in Franchise Provision Agreement Summary business as of the date
your Franchise Agreement expires and/or is terminated, regardless of
whether a franchised business is open and operating in that designated
territory.

                                                   During this two-year period, these parties are also prohibited
                                                   from: (i) soliciting business from customers of your former
                                                   Franchised Business; (ii) contacting any of our suppliers/vendors
                                                   for a competitive business purpose; or (iii) to the extent permitted
                                                   by applicable law, soliciting any employees of us, our affiliates
                                                   or any other System franchisee to discontinue their employment.

s.  Modification of the Section 18(D) Your Franchise Agreement may not
    be modified, except by a agreement writing signed by both parties.
    With that said, we may modify the System and Operations Manual(s) as
    we deem appropriate in our discretion from time to time.

t.  Integration/merger Sections 18(E) Only the terms of the Franchise
    Agreement and this Disclosure clause and 22 Document are binding
    (subject to state law). Any representations or promises outside of
    the Disclosure Document and Franchise Agreement may not be
    enforceable. Nothing in the Franchise Agreement or any related
    agreement is intended to disclaim the representations made in this
    Disclosure Document.

u.  Dispute resolution Section 21(B) You must first submit all dispute
    and controversies arising under by arbitration or the Franchise
    Agreement to our management and make every mediation effort to
    resolve the dispute internally.

                              Section 21(C)      At our option, all claims or disputes arising out of the Franchise
                                                 Agreement must be submitted to non-binding mediation, which
                                                 will take place at our then-current headquarters. You must notify
                                                 us of any potential disputes and we will provide you with notice
                                                 as to whether we wish to mediate the matter or not. If the matter
                                                 is mediated, the parties will split the mediator’s fees and bear all
                                                 of their other respective costs of the mediation. (subject to
                                                 applicable state law)

v.  Choice of forum Sections 21(D) Subject to the other provisions of
    the Franchise Agreement, all and 21(E) claims and causes of action
    arising out of the Franchise Agreement must be initiated and
    litigated to conclusion (unless settled) in the state court of
    general jurisdiction in Delaware or, if appropriate, the United
    States District Court for the District of Delaware (subject to
    applicable state law).

w.  Choice of law Section 21(A) The Franchise Agreement is governed by
    the laws of the state of Delaware, without reference to this state's
    conflict of laws principles (subject to applicable state law).

                                                     ITEM 18
                                                  PUBLIC FIGURES

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 54  We do
    not use any public figure to promote our franchise.

                                         ITEM 19
                         FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS

The FTC's Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information
about the actual or potential financial performance of its franchised
and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis for the
information, and if the information is included in the disclosure
document. Financial performance information that differs from that
included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the
actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2)
a franchisor supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for
example, by providing information about possible performance at a
particular location or under particular circumstances.

                                             BACKGROUND

                                      Canadian Spray-Net Businesses

Our affiliate, SN Canada, has offered and sold franchises for the right
to own and operate Businesses that are (i) operated in a substantially
similar manner to the Franchised Business being offered in this
Disclosure Document utilizing the same or substantially similar
Proprietary Marks and System that we license to you under your Franchise
Agreement, and (ii) provided initial and ongoing training and other
assistance that is substantially similar to the training and support you
will be entitled to receive under your Franchise Agreement in connection
with your Franchised Business (each, a "CN Business"). In light of the
foregoing, there is a reasonable basis to include certain historical
financial information regarding the CN Businesses that (i) were actively
owned and operated throughout the relevant measurement periods and (ii)
meet certain other System criteria found in this Disclosure Document.
Below, we disclose certain historical performance information regarding
the thirteen (13) CN Businesses that were open and operating for a
period of one (1) year as of December 31, 2024. We have excluded seven
(7) CN Businesses that did not operate for a full year as of December
31, 2024. We have also excluded five (5) CN Businesses that did not
report their complete financials to us. The sizes of Designated
Territories that we expect and intend to award under this Disclosure
Document are disclosed more fully in Item 12, and we expect there to be
material differences between the size, geography, and demographics
aspects of your Designated Territory(ies) as compared to those of the CN
Businesses.

Whenever "Gross Sales" and "Gross Bookings" are disclosed for CN
Businesses, they are disclosed in Canadian Dollars because (i) that is
how the sales were reported to us by our affiliate or our affiliate's
franchisees; and (ii) the currency exchange rate between United States
currency (the U.S. Dollar or "USD") and Canadian currency (the Canadian
Dollar or "CAD") is constantly in flux such that the rate as of the
Issuance Date of this Disclosure Document may not be the same rate at
the time you are disclosed with this Disclosure Document and/or purchase
franchise rights from us. For this reason, we encourage you to review
these figures in light of the current exchange rate when you are
disclosed with this Disclosure Document and when you purchase franchise
rights from us. While there is a difference in the exchange rate, as
reflected below in this Item 19, our U.S. franchisees charge and are
typically paid more on a per-job basis than the CN Businesses. The
exchange rate as of the date of this Issuance Date of this Disclosure
Document (April 15, 2024) is \$1 USD = \$1.4011 CAD per
www.bankofcanada.ca.

                                     United States Spray-Net Businesses

We had twenty-nine (29) franchisees open and operating in the United
States as of December 31, 2024 (the "US Businesses"). Of these: (i) four
(4) franchisees operated on a part-time basis during the 2024 Calendar
Year, which is materially different than the full-time operation of the
franchise offered under this disclosure

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 55 document;
(ii) nine (9) franchisees opened for business during the 2024 Calendar
Year; (iii) five (5) franchisees ceased operations on a temporary or
permanent basis during the 2024 Calendar Year; and (iv) four (4)
franchisees did not report financials to us beyond their Gross Booking
and Gross Sales (Production). Except as stated otherwise below, we
disclose certain historical financial performance information regarding
the remaining seven (7) U.S. franchisees that operated for the entire
2024 Calendar Year and reported complete financial data to us (the "US
Disclosed Businesses"). Together, the CN Businesses and US Businesses,
and any subsets thereof, are collectively referred to in this Item 19 as
"Businesses" and, individually, each as a "Business."

                                                 Definitions

The following definitions are applicable within this Item 19:

Gross Booking. In this Item 19, the term "Gross Booking" means the total
amount of work that was booked by the applicable Businesses. This
includes all jobs that the applicable Businesses were hired to perform.

Gross Sales (Production). In this Item 19, the term "Gross Sales" means
all revenue generated by the CN Businesses and US Businesses, as
applicable. This is also referred to as "Production." The term "Gross
Sales" does not include (a) tips that customers paid to subcontractors
or other personnel that are not remitted to the businesses or (b) sales
tax that is collected directly from customers and paid to the
appropriate taxing authority. "Gross Sales" amounts were generated from
the offer, provision and sale of the Approved Products and Approved
Services that our System franchisees here in the United States are
authorized to offer except that none of the Gross Sales depicted herein
were derived from roofing services, which are an optional service for
our U.S. franchisees.

Multi-Unit. In this Item 19, "Multi-Unit" CN Businesses are those with
more than 100,000 qualified single- family households within their
territories. The average territory size of the twelve (12) Multi-Unit CN
Businesses in this Section IV is approximately 1.5 Territories offered
under this Disclosure Document. See Item 12 for more information on the
Territories offered under this Disclosure Document.

Average Job Size. The Average Job Size for each Business is calculated
by dividing each Business's Gross Sales (Production) from January 1,
2024 to December 31, 2024 by its respective number of jobs.

Average. As used in this Item 19, the term "Average" -- also known as
the "mean" -- is calculated by taking the sum of the applicable data and
dividing that total by the number of individual businesses included in
that data set.

Median. As used in this Item 19, the term "Median" means the data point
that is in the center of all data points used. That number is found by
examining the total number of data points and finding the middle number
in that set. In the event the number of data points is an odd number,
the median will be the center number.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 56  Section I CN
Businesses and US Disclosed Businesses Business Performance During 2024
Calendar Year

             US Disclosed Businesses Open for 12 to 19+ Months as of December 31, 2024
                                             Gross Sales
                        Gross Booking                                              Net Promoter
                                            (Production)       Gross Margin
                             USD                                                       Score
                                                USD
      Number of
                                4                  4                  4                   4
      Businesses
       Average             $469,436           $442,678              53%                  84
       Median              $499,026           $468,798              53%                  88
         High              $543,659           $512,812              61%                 100
         Low               $336,036           $320,304              47%                  62
     Number and
    Percentage of

Businesses that Met 2 (50%) 3 (75%) 2 (50%) 3 (75%) or Exceeded the
Average

             US Disclosed Businesses Open for 20 to 36 Months as of December 31, 2024
                                               Gross Sales
                        Gross Booking                                               Net Promoter
                                              (Production)       Gross Margin
                            USD                                                        Score
                                                  USD
     Number of
                               3                     3                  3                 3
     Businesses
      Average             $782,380              $710,687              55%                96
      Median              $749,294              $676,409              54%                97
        High             $1,044,040             $962,190              62%               100
        Low               $533,808              $493,462              52%                90

Number and Percentage of Businesses that 1 (33%) 1 (33%) 2 (66%) 1 (33%)
Met or Exceeded the Average

                   CN Businesses Open for 24 Months as of December 31, 2024
                                         Gross Sales
                       Gross Booking                                              Net Promoter
                                        (Production)       Gross Margin
                           CAD                                                       Score
                                            CAD

Number of Businesses 13 13 13 13 \$1,438,626 \$1,253,259 61% Average 89
\$1,257,056 \$1,090,285 60% Median 92 \$2,985,551 \$2,794,680 69% High
100 \$787,720 \$727,327 51% Low 60

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 57  Number and
Percentage of 6 (46%) 5 (38%) 5 (38%) 8 (61%) Businesses that Met or
Exceeded the Average

                                              Section II
                                   CN Businesses and US Businesses
                                           Average Job Size
                                 January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024

The chart in this Section II reflects the Average Job Size from the US
Businesses and CN Businesses that operated during the 2024 Calendar Year
and performed at least ten (10) jobs during the 2024 Calendar Year. For
example, thirteen (13) US Businesses operated during the 2024 Calendar
Year (but not for the entire 2024 Calendar Year) and reported performing
at least ten (10) Exterior jobs. Similarly, twelve (12) US Businesses
operated during the 2024 Calendar Year (but not for the entire 2024
Calendar Year) and reported performing at least ten (10) Interior jobs.
The "Average" is the average of all of the Average Job Size reported by
each Business during the 2024 Calendar Year.

                                        US Businesses                          CN Businesses
                                            USD                                    CAD
                                  Exterior          Interior              Exterior         Interior

Number of Businesses 12 13 28 25 Number of Jobs 630 310 2219 938 Average
\$6,324 \$5,654 \$5,589 \$5,471 \$5,096 Median \$6,254 \$5,268 \$\$5,205
\$10,193 High \$12,541 \$7,050 \$10,247 \$3,660 Low \$2,408 \$3,708
\$3,708 Number and Percentage of Businesses that Met 6 (50%) 6 (46%) 11
(39%) 8 (32%) or Exceeded the Average

                                             Section III
                                  Average Gross Sales (Production)
                            and Certain Disclosed and Estimated Expenses
                                    from CN and US Businesses
                                January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024

The chart in this Section III includes actual Gross Sales (Production)
data and certain Disclosed Expenses and Estimated Expenses. The Gross
Sales (Production) in this Section III is the actual amount that the
thirteen (13) CN Businesses and seven (7) US Businesses experienced
between January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2024 (see Section I).
"Estimated Gross Profit" in this Section III is estimated by multiplying
the applicable Gross Sales (Production) (average, median, low, high) by
the applicable Gross Margin (average, median, low, high). As used in
this Section III, the term "Gross Margin" means a particular business's
Gross Profit (Gross Sales (Production) less Labor and Paint costs
divided by the business's Gross Sales (Production).

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 58 The Disclosed
Expenses in this Section III are percentages derived from the CN
Businesses and US Businesses that reported certain data to us between
January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2024. Not all of the CN Businesses and
US Businesses reported financial data to us for each category in these
charts, so the column labeled "# Reported" discloses the number of
Businesses that reported that particular category of Disclosed Expenses.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 59  Average
Gross Sales (Production) and Certain Disclosed and Estimated Expenses
from CN Businesses \# that Met or % that Met \# Average Median Low High
Exceed the or Exceed Reported Average the Average CN Businesses 96
Months 84 Months 48 Months 120 Months 6 46.2% 13 Months of Operation CN
Businesses Gross Sales \$1,253,259 \$1,090,285 \$727,327 \$2,794,680 5
38.5% 13 (Production) CAD Gross Margin 60.6% 59.9% 50.8% 69.2% 7 58.3%
12 Estimated Gross Profit CAD \$759,435 \$652,989 Disclosed Expenses
Marketing 9.0% 8.2% 5.0% 15.4% 6 46.2% 13 Accounting, Professional 1.9%
1.2% 0.5% 9.9% 3 23.1% 13 Services & Bank fees Gas 2.1% 1.9% 0.8% 3.5% 5
38.5% 13 Liability Insurance 0.8% 0.5% 0.03% 2.1% 5 38.5% 13 Office
Expenses 1.2% 0.1% 0.00% 6.6% 4 30.8% 13 Meals & Entertainment 0.3% 0.3%
0.02% 0.8% 6 46.2% 13 Shipping 0.5% 0.4% 0.0% 1.5% 5 38.5% 13 Vehicle,
Vehicle Insurance, & 4.5% 4.1% 1.8% 9.2% 5 38.5% 13 Repairs Total
Disclosed Expenses 20.2% 16.8% Estimated Expenses Estimated Royalties
(7% of \$87,728 \$76,320 See Item 6 (7% of Gross Sales subject to
minimum amounts) Gross Sales) CAD Estimated Business \$7,333 \$6,926 One
year. See Item 6 (\$350/month + 0.25% of Gross Sales) Management
Software CAD Estimated Convention & \$2,500 \$2,500 One year. See Item 6
Regional Meetings CAD Estimated Tech Package CAD \$300 \$300 One year.
See Item 6 Most of our franchisees do not incur sales commission
expenses Estimated Sales Commissions because they handle the sales of
their Franchised Businesses \$75,196 \$65,417 CAD themselves. However,
we recommend that franchisees pay 6% Sales Commissions. Estimated EBITDA
(Estimated Gross Profit less Disclosed Expenses \$332,960 \$318,115
Percentages and Estimated These figures only include the Disclosed
Expenses and Estimated Expenses) Expenses listed in this table and do
not include all of the costs you will CAD incur in the development and
ongoing operation of your Franchised Business. Estimated EBITDA as a
percentage of Gross Sales 26.6% 29.2% (Production)

        ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
        2025 Franchise Disclosure Document              60

Average Gross Sales (Production) and Certain Disclosed Expenses from US
Businesses \# that Met or % that Met or \# Average Median Low High
Exceed the Exceed the Reported Average Average US Businesses 25 Months
19 Months 19 Months 36 Months 3 42.9% 7 Months of Operation US
Businesses Gross Sales \$557,539 \$493,462 \$320,305 \$962,190 2 28.6% 7
(Production) USD Gross Margin 54.8% 55.9% 47.2% 61.9% 4 57.1% 7
Estimated Gross Profit USD \$305,366 \$275,920 Disclosed Expenses
Marketing 15.0% 15.9% 10.1% 19.1% 4 57.1% 7 Accounting, Professional
1.5% 1.7% 0.5% 2.4% 4 57.1% 7 Services & Bank fees Gas 1.2% 1.1% 1.0%
1.7% 2 28.6% 7 Liability Insurance 1.4% 1.4% 0.5% 2.3% 3 42.9% 7 Office
Expenses 2.5% 2.3% 0.0% 6.1% 3 42.9% 7 Meals & Entertainment 0.9% 0.3%
0.1% 2.7% 2 28.6% 7 Shipping 1.1% 1.0% 0.9% 1.8% 2 28.6% 7 Vehicle,
Vehicle Insurance, & 1.3% 0.9% 0.2% 3.2% 2 33.3% 7 Repairs Total
Disclosed Expenses 24.8% 24.6% Estimated Expenses Estimated Royalties
(7% of Gross Sales) \$39,028 \$34,542 See Item 6 (7% of Gross Sales
subject to minimum amounts) USD Estimated Business \$5,594 \$5,434 One
year. See Item 6 (\$350/month + 0.25% of Gross Sales) Management
Software USD Estimated Convention & \$2,500 \$2,500 One year. See Item 6
Regional Meetings USD Estimated Tech Package USD \$300 \$300 One year.
See Item 6 Most of our franchisees do not incur sales commission
expenses because they handle the sales of their Franchised Businesses
themselves. However, we recommend that franchisees hire a salesperson
and pay 6% Estimated Sales Commissions \$0 \$0 Sales Commissions as
their business grows. Estimated Sales Commissions are omitted here
because of the average length of time in operation of the US Businesses
(17 Months) as compared to the average length of time in operation of
the CN Businesses (78 Months). Estimated EBITDA (Estimated Gross Profit
less Disclosed Expenses \$119,561 \$111,566 Percentages and Estimated
These figures only include the Disclosed Expenses and Estimated
Expenses) Expenses listed in this table and do not include all of the
costs you will USD incur in the development and ongoing operation of
your Franchised Business. Estimated EBITDA as a percentage of Gross
Sales 21.4% 22.6% (Production)

         ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
         2025 Franchise Disclosure Document              61

Section IV Average Net Promoter Score January 1, 2024 to December 31,
2024

Note: The chart below in this Section IV includes Net Promoter Score
data from seven (7) US Businesses that operated for any amount of time
during the 2024 Calendar Year (not necessarily the entire year) and
eleven (11) CN Businesses that operated for any amount of time during
the 2024 Calendar Year (not necessarily the entire year) subject to the
following criteria: (i) they must have had at least a twenty percent
(20%) response rate and (ii) at least ten (10) responses to requests for
reviews.

                                                    US Businesses            CN Businesses
                 Number of Businesses                     7                      11
                        Average                          89                      88
                        Median                           90                      92
                          High                          100                      100
                          Low                            62                      60
                Number and Percentage of
                 Franchisees that Met or                4 (57.1%)               9 (81.2%)
                 Exceeded the Average

General Notes to this Item 19:

    1. Some outlets have sold this amount. Your individual results may differ. There is no assurance
       you will sell as much.

    2. Written substantiation for these financial performance representations will be made available to the
       prospective franchisee upon reasonable request.

    3. We encourage you to consult with your own accounting, business, and legal advisors to assist you
       in preparing your budgets and projections, and to assess the likely or potential financial
       performance of your franchise. We also encourage you to contact existing franchisees to discuss
       their experiences with the system and their franchise business. Notwithstanding the information
       within this financial performance representation, existing franchisees of ours are your best source
       of information about franchise operations.

    4. As noted above, the CN Businesses are located in Canada and reported the financial data included
       in this Item 19 to us in Canadian Dollars.

    5. Please note that nothing in this Item 19 discloses any of the (a) initial and ongoing cost of goods,
       labor, occupancy-related fees (i.e., rent and security deposit), taxes or any other of the initial and
       ongoing costs that the owners of the Businesses incurred in connection with the operation of each
       such Business over the applicable time periods described in this Item, or (b) the various fees and
       payments you will be required to pay to us or our Approved Supplier(s) under your Franchise
       Agreement.

    6. Please note that each of the CN Businesses did not incur the kinds of initial start-up costs and
       investment during the time periods described in this Item 19 that you will likely incur in connection
       with establishing, building out and opening your Franchised Business, including, without

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 62  limitation:
(i) utility and lease security deposits; (ii) leasehold improvements and
build-out costs, along with the furniture/fixtures/equipment, computer
system (hardware) and signage required to open your Franchised Business;
(iii) business permits and licenses (to an extent); (iv) Initial
Franchise Fee and other amounts due to us or our Approved Suppliers
prior to opening your Franchised Business (as described in Items 5 and 8
of this Disclosure Document); and (v) certain legal fees, accounting
fees and administrative expenses incurred prior to and during the grand
opening and subsequent operation of the Franchised Business. The figures
provided in this Item 19 exclude certain tax liabilities that you will
be responsible for, and do not include the professional fees or other
administrative expenses that you might incur in connection with opening
and commencing operations of your Franchised Business, including legal
and accounting fees.

    7. We suggest strongly that you consult your financial advisor or personal accountant concerning
       USD to CAD currency conversions, financial projections, and federal, state and local income taxes
       and any other applicable taxes that you may incur in operating a Franchised Business.

Other than the preceding financial performance representation, we do not
make any financial performance representations. We also do not authorize
our employees or representatives to make any such representations either
orally or in writing. If you are purchasing an existing outlet, however,
we may provide you with the actual records of that outlet. If you
receive any other financial performance information or projections of
your future income, you should report it to our management by contacting
Kevin Houben, Spray-Net, Inc., at 1409 de Coulomb, Boucherville, Quebec,
J4B 7M2, (877) 457-7729, as well as the Federal Trade Commission and the
appropriate state regulatory agencies.

                          [The remainder of this page is left intentionally blank]

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 63  ITEM 20
OUTLETS AND FRANCHISEE INFORMATION

                                             Table No. 1
                                     System-wide Outlet Summary
                                     For Years 2022 through 2024

                                             Column 3           Column 4         Column 5

Column 1 Column 2 Outlets at the Outlets at the Outlet Type Year Start
of the Year End of the Year Net Change Franchised 2022 11 26 +15 2023 26
27 +1 2024 27 29 +2 Company-Owned 2022 0 0 0 2023 0 0 0 2024 0 0 0 Total
Outlets 2022 11 26 +15 2023 26 27 +1 2024 27 29 +2

                                           Table No. 2
         Transfers of Outlets from Franchisees to New Owners (other than the Franchisor)
                                   For Years 2022 through 2024

             Column 1                 Column 2                      Column 3
               State                    Year                    Number of Transfers
    Colorado                            2022                              0
                                        2023                              0
                                        2024                              1
                                        2022                              0
    Totals                              2023                              0
                                        2024                              1

                                              Table No. 3
                                     Status of Franchised Outlets
                                     For Years 2022 through 2024

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 64  Ceased
Outlets at Reacquired Operations Outlets Start of Outlets Non- by -Other
at End of State Year the Year Opened Terminations Renewals Franchisor
Reasons the Year Alabama 2022 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 2023 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 2024 0 0
0 0 0 0 0 Arizona 2022 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 2024 1 0 0 0 0 0
1 Colorado 2022 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 2024 1 1 0 0 0 0 2
Florida 2022 1 3 0 0 0 0 4 2023 4 1 1 0 0 0 4 2024 4 0 1 0 0 1 2 Georgia
2022 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 2023 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 Illinois 2022 0
0 0 0 0 0 0 2023 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 Indiana 2022 1 1 0 0 0
0 2 2023 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 Kansas 2022 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 2023
1 0 1 0 0 0 0 2024 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Kentucky 2022 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2023 0 1 0
0 0 0 1 2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 Michigan 2022 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2023 0 1 0 0 0 0
1 2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 New Jersey 2022 1 1 0 0 0 0 2 2023 2 0 1 0 0 0 1
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 North Carolina 2022 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 2023 1 1 0 0 0 0 2
2024 2 1 1 0 0 0 2 Ohio 2022 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 2023 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 2024 1 0 0
0 0 0 1 Oregon 2022 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2024 0 1 0 0 0 0 1
South Carolina 2022 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 2023 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 2024 0 1 0 0 0 0 1

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 65  Tennessee
2022 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 2023 1 2 0 0 0 0 3 2024 3 0 0 0 0 0 3 Texas 2022 3 7
0 0 0 0 10 2023 10 0 4 0 0 0 6 2024 6 1 0 0 0 2 5 Utah 2022 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 2023 0 2 0 0 0 0 2 2024 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 Virginia 2022 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2023
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2024 0 2 0 0 0 0 2 Wisconsin 2022 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 2023 1 0 0
0 0 0 1 2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 2022 11 17 2 0 0 0 26 Total 2023 26 11 10 0 0
0 27 2024 27 7 2 0 0 3 29

                                                 Table No. 4
                Status of Company-Owned and Affiliate Owned Outlets for Years 2022 through 2024

                                                                                                Ceased
                             Outlets at                                                        Operations-   Outlets at
                            Start of the   Outlets                    Non-     Reacquired by     Other       End of the
        State        Year      Year        Opened    Terminations   Renewals    Franchisor      Reasons        Year
                    2022         0           0            0            0            0              0             0

Total 2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2024 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

                                                     Table No. 5
                                      Projected Openings as of December 31, 2024

                       Franchise Agreements          Projected New Franchised      Projected New Company-
         State         Signed But Outlet Not                 Outlets in           Owned Outlets in the Current
                              Opened                   the Next Fiscal Year               Fiscal Year
    Georgia                      1                               1                             0

New Jersey 1 1 0 New York 1 1 0 Ohio 2 2 0 Totals 5 5 0

    Exhibit G lists the names of all current franchisees and the addresses and telephone numbers of their outlets
    as of December 31, 2024. Exhibit H lists the name, city and state, and the current business telephone number
    (or, if unknown, the last known home telephone number) of every franchisee who had an outlet terminated,
    canceled, not renewed, or otherwise voluntarily or involuntarily ceased to do business under the franchise
    agreement during our most recently completed fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, or who has not
    communicated with us within ten (10) weeks of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document. If you buy

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
    2025 Franchise Disclosure Document                   66

this franchise, your contact information may be disclosed to other
buyers when you leave the franchise system.

During the last three fiscal years, current and former franchisees have
signed confidentiality clauses that restrict them from discussing with
you their experiences as a franchisee in our franchise system.

We do not currently have any trademark specific organizations associated
with the franchise system being offered that we have created, sponsored
or endorsed.

                                             ITEM 21
                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Attached as Exhibit C to this disclosure document are our audited
financial statements for our fiscal years ending December 31, 2021,
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023. Our fiscal year end is December
31.

                                                ITEM 22
                                              CONTRACTS

The following agreements are attached to this disclosure document:

        Exhibit A:       Franchise Agreement and Exhibits
        Exhibit F:       State-Specific Addenda
        Exhibit I:       Sample Release


                                                 ITEM 23
                                                RECEIPTS

Attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit K, in duplicate, is a
Receipt to be signed by the prospective Franchisee receiving this
Disclosure Document. You must sign each Receipt and return one copy to
us. If you are missing these Receipts, please contact Kevin Houben at
the following address and/or telephone number:

                                               Spray-Net Inc.
                                             1490 De Coulomb
                                            Boucherville, Québec
                                             Canada J4B 7M2
                                           Phone: (877) 457-7729

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 67  EXHIBIT A TO
SPRAY-NET INC. FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

                                     FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  SPRAY-NET INC.

                       FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc.  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section Page

         BACKGROUND ............................................................................................................................... 1

1.  PREAMBLES, ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS AND REPRESENTATIONS OF FRANCHISEE ......
    2
2.  GRANT OF FRANCHISE
    ................................................................................................................
    4
3.  TERM AND RENEWAL
    ..................................................................................................................
    6
4.  FEES AND PAYMENTS
    ..................................................................................................................
    7
5.  DUTIES OF FRANCHISOR
    ...........................................................................................................
    11
6.  DUTIES OF FRANCHISEE
    ...........................................................................................................
    15
7.  PROPRIETARY MARKS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
    ................... 24
8.  OPERATIONS MANUALS AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
    ....................................... 27
9.  ADVERTISING
    ..............................................................................................................................
    30
10. ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS
    ..................................................................................................
    33
11. INSURANCE
    ..................................................................................................................................
    35
12. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AND INDEMNIFICATION
    ................................................... 37
13. TRANSFER AND ASSIGNMENT
    ................................................................................................
    37
14. COVENANTS
    .................................................................................................................................
    41
15. DEFAULT AND TERMINATION
    .................................................................................................
    43
16. POST-TERM OBLIGATIONS
    .......................................................................................................
    47
17. TAXES AND INDEBTEDNESS
    ....................................................................................................
    49
18. WRITTEN APPROVALS; WAIVERS; FORMS OF AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT
    ............... 49
19. ENFORCEMENT
    ............................................................................................................................
    50
20. NOTICES
    ........................................................................................................................................
    50
21. GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
    ..................................................................
    51
22. SEVERABILITY AND CONSTRUCTION
    ...................................................................................
    54

Exhibit A: Data Sheet Exhibit B: Personal Guaranty Exhibit C: Collateral
Assignment and Assumption of Lease Exhibit D: EFT Authorization Form
Exhibit E: Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement (for use
by Franchisee for Management Personnel of the Franchised Business and
Officers/Directors of the Franchisee) Exhibit F: Conditional Assignment
of Telephone/Facsimile Numbers and Domain Names Exhibit G: Spray-Network
Terms and Conditions

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc.  SPRAY-NET INC. FRANCHISE
AGREEMENT

        THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into on this day of

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, 20 ("Effective Date,") by and
between: (i) Spray-Net Inc., a Delaware corporation, with its principal
business address at 1490 De Coulomb, Boucherville, Quebec (the
"Franchisor"); and (ii)
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, a (resident
of) (corporation organized in) (limited liability company organized in)
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ with a business
address at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(the "Franchisee"

                                               BACKGROUND

        A.       Franchisor and its affiliate/principals, as a result of the expenditure of time, skill, effort,

and money, have developed and own a unique system (the "System") related
to the development, opening, and ongoing operation of a business that
offers and provides various types of painting-related products and
services that Franchisor authorizes now or in the future (collectively,
the "Approved Products" and "Approved Services", as applicable),
including proprietary products and the corresponding services to
existing residential homes (each, a "Client"). For purposes of this
Agreement, each such business will be referred to herein as a "Spray-Net
Business"

         B.       Franchisor’s System is comprised of various proprietary and, in some cases, distinguishing

elements, including without limitation: proprietary methodology and
procedures for the establishment and operation of a Spray-Net Business;
standards and specifications for the supplies, inventory and methodology
associated with storing, preparing, offering and providing each type of
Approved Product and Approved Service; advertising; marketing; standards
and specifications for equipment; customize designed chemicals,
equipment, and other services; basic standards typically used as the
premises for a Spray-Net Business; standards and specifications for the
furniture, fixtures and equipment, including computer hardware and
system, that must be used in connection with an Franchised Business;
established relationships with approved or designated suppliers for
certain products and services that must be utilized in connection with
an Franchised Business, including certain proprietary and/or branded
items; proprietary training programs, courses and training materials;
Franchisor's confidential and proprietary operations manual and, at
Franchisor's option, other instructional manuals that have been reduced
to writing (collectively, the "Manuals"); and standards and
specifications for advertising, bookkeeping, sales and other aspects of
operating an Franchised Business. The parties agree and acknowledge that
Franchisor may change, improve, further develop, or otherwise modify the
System from time to time as it deems appropriate in its discretion.
Franchisee hereby acknowledges and agrees that: (i) while the System and
Franchisor's related materials contain information that, in isolated
form, could be construed as being in the public domain, they also
contain significant proprietary and confidential information that makes
the System unique as a whole; and (ii) the combined methods,
information, procedures, and theories that make up the total System or
are contained in the relevant manuals that are proprietary and
confidential.

         C.       The System and Franchised Businesses are primarily identified by the mark SPRAY-NET,

as well as certain other trade names, trademarks, service marks and
trade dress, all of which Franchisor may modify, update, supplement or
substitute in the future (collectively, the "Proprietary Marks"). The
parties agree and acknowledge that Franchisor has established
substantial goodwill and business value in its Proprietary Marks,
expertise, and System.

        D.       Franchisor is in the business of granting qualified individuals and entities a franchise for

the right to independently own and operate a single Franchised Business
utilizing the Proprietary Marks and System at a location that Franchisor
approves in writing. ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 1  E.
Franchisee recognizes the benefits derived from being identified with
Franchisor, appreciates and acknowledges the distinctive and valuable
significance to the public of the System and the Proprietary Marks, and
understands and acknowledges the importance of Franchisor's high and
uniform standards of quality, appearance, and service to the value of
the System.

        F.     Franchisee desires to acquire a non-exclusive franchise for the right to operate a single

Franchised Business, and has submitted an application to obtain such a
franchise from Franchisor.

         G.     Franchisor is willing to grant Franchisee the right to operate a Franchised Business based

on the representations contained in the franchise application and
subject to the terms and conditions within this Agreement.

                                             AGREEMENT

        NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and other good and valuable

consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby mutually
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, do
hereby agree as follows:

1.   PREAMBLES, ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS AND REPRESENTATIONS OF
         FRANCHISEE

         A.       Franchisee acknowledges and represents that Franchisor, itself or through any officer,
                  director, member, manager, employee, or agent, has not made, and Franchisee has not
                  received or relied upon, any oral, written, visual, express, or implied information,
                  representations, warranties, guarantees, or promises regarding the amount of sales levels
                  or income Franchisee might expect to earn from the franchise granted hereby, except as
                  stated in the Franchise Disclosure Document.

         B.       The business venture contemplated by this Agreement involves business risks.

         C.       Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisee’s success in connection with the franchise
                  granted hereunder will be largely dependent upon Franchisee’s ability as an independent
                  businessperson.

         D.       Franchisee has received, read, and does understand this Agreement and any attachments.

         E.       Franchisee understands and agrees that the home services industries are highly competitive
                  with constantly changing market conditions (some of which may be seasonal in nature
                  depending on where the Designated Territory is located), including, but not limited to, the
                  risks associated with local, state and federal regulatory agencies.

         F.       Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor has fully and adequately explained
                  each provision of this Agreement to Franchisee’s satisfaction.

         G.       Franchisee has consulted with Franchisee’s own advisors with respect to the legal,
                  financial, and other aspects of this Agreement, the business franchised hereby, and the
                  prospects for such business. Franchisee either has consulted with such advisors or has
                  deliberately declined to do so.

         H.       Any written inquiries made to Franchisor by Franchisee pertaining to the nature of this

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2  franchise were answered
    in writing to the satisfaction of Franchisee.

         I.       Franchisee has had the opportunity and adequate time to independently investigate,
                  analyze, and construe both the franchise being offered hereunder and the terms and
                  provisions of this Agreement utilizing the services of legal counsel, accountants, and other
                  advisors (if Franchisee so elects).

         J.       Any and all applications, financial statements, and representations submitted to Franchisor
                  by Franchisee, whether oral or in writing, were complete and accurate when submitted and
                  are complete and accurate as of the date of execution of this Agreement unless the same
                  has been otherwise amended in writing. Franchisee states that he/she is not presently
                  involved in any business activity that could be considered competitive in nature, unless
                  heretofore disclosed to Franchisor in writing.

         K.       Franchisee agrees not to contest, directly or indirectly, Franchisor’s ownership, title, right,
                  or interest in its names or Proprietary Marks, trade secrets, methods, procedures, know-
                  how, or advertising techniques which are part of Franchisor’s business, or contest
                  Franchisor’s sole right to register, use, or license others to use such names or Proprietary
                  Marks, trade secrets, methods, procedures, or techniques.

         L.       Franchisee’s signature to this Agreement has not been induced by any representation
                  inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement or inconsistent with the Franchise Disclosure
                  Document given to Franchisee by Franchisor.

         M.       Franchisee represents and warrants that Franchisee is not a party to or subject to any order
                  or decree of any court or government agency which would limit or interfere in any way
                  with the performance by Franchisee of the obligations under this Agreement and that
                  Franchisee is not a party, and has not within the last ten (10) years been a party, to any
                  litigation, bankruptcy, or legal proceedings other than those heretofore disclosed to
                  Franchisor in writing.

         N.       Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that it is solely responsible for ensuring that: (i) it
                  acquires and maintains all business licenses, permits and approvals, including those related
                  to the provision of any Approved Services or Ancillary Services (that Franchisee becomes
                  eligible to provide once franchisee has (a) been operating the Franchised Business in
                  compliance with this Agreement for a period of at least three months, and (b) otherwise
                  demonstrated to Franchisor that Franchisee is capable of providing the initial Approved
                  Services without a Client complaint or other issue), that are necessary to operate the
                  Franchised Business within the Designated Territory (defined below); and (ii) the
                  Franchised Business is otherwise operated in full compliance with all federal, state and
                  local laws and regulations where the Franchisee is located at all times during the term of
                  this Agreement. Franchisee specifically agrees and acknowledges that it will determine
                  whether or not any type of contractor license or similar license/certification is needed to
                  conduct the Franchised Business and, if such a license is required, Franchisee will obtain
                  such license/certification prior to operating the Franchised Business in any manner.
                  Franchisor shall have no liability in the event the development or operation of the
                  Franchised Business violates any law, ordinance or regulation.

         O.       Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that: (i) Franchisor may enter into franchise
                  agreements with other franchisees that may contain provisions, conditions, and obligations
                  that differ from those contained in this Agreement, including without limitation, franchise

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 3  agreements for the
    operation of an Franchised Business; and (ii) the existence of
    different forms of agreement and the fact that Franchisor and other
    franchisees may have different rights and obligations does not
    affect the parties' duty to comply with the terms of this Agreement.

         P.       The parties agree and acknowledge that all provisions and information found in the
                  “Background” portion of this Agreement above, including all definitions and
                  representations set forth therein, are hereby incorporated by reference as if fully set forth
                  herein,.

         Q.       Franchisee agrees and acknowledges as follows:

                  1. Franchisee will have sole authority and control over the day-to-day operations of the
                     Franchised Business and Franchisee’s employees and/or independent contractors.
                     Franchisee agrees to be solely responsible for all employment decisions and to comply
                     with all state, federal, and local hiring laws and functions of the Franchised Business,
                     including without limitation, those related to hiring, firing, training, wage and hour
                     requirements, compensation, promotion, record-keeping, supervision, and discipline of
                     employees, paid or unpaid, full or part-time. At no time will Franchisee or Franchisee’s
                     employees be deemed to be employees of Franchisor or Franchisor’s affiliates.

                  2. Neither this Agreement nor Franchisor’s course of conduct is intended, nor may
                     anything in this Agreement (nor Franchisor’s course of conduct) be construed to state
                     or imply that Franchisor is the employer of Franchisee’s employees and/or independent
                     contractor, nor vice versa.

2.   GRANT OF FRANCHISE

         A.       Grant of Franchise. Franchisor hereby grants Franchisee, subject to the terms, conditions,
                  and obligations of this Agreement, a non-exclusive right and license to use the Proprietary
                  Marks and receive the other benefits of the System in connection with the establishment
                  and operation of a single Franchised Business (the “Franchised Business”).

         B.       Home Office; Site Selection Area. Unless Franchisor approves otherwise in writing,
                  Franchisee will be required to operate the Franchised Business at a home office set forth
                  on the Data Sheet attached to this Agreement (the “Home Office”) within the Designated
                  Territory that meets Franchisor’s current site-selection criteria for the premises of a
                  Franchised Business (the “Premises”). Franchisee may not relocate the Franchised
                  Business to any location other than the Premises without Franchisor’s prior written consent,
                  which Franchisor will not unreasonably withhold unless such location is unsuitable for
                  operations, provided: (i) Franchisee secures an alternate location for the Franchised
                  Business within the Designated Territory (as defined below); and (ii) Franchisee
                  reimburses Franchisor for the reasonable costs and expenses that Franchisor incurs in
                  connection with evaluating and approving the proposed relocation. If the parties have not
                  agreed on a Premises as of the date this Agreement is executed, Franchisor will designate
                  a general marketing area (the “Site Selection Area”) on the data sheet attached to this
                  Agreement as Exhibit A (the “Data Sheet”) where Franchisee must locate and secure the
                  Premises as detailed more fully in Section 6(A) of this Agreement. Franchisee
                  acknowledges and agrees that: (i) it does not have any territorial rights within the Site
                  Selection Area; (ii) Franchisor may permit other new franchisees to search for the location
                  of their Franchised Business within the same Site Selection Area that is assigned to

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 4  Franchisee under this
    Agreement if Franchisor determines in its discretion that the Site
    Selection Area is large enough to contain additional franchises;
    and (iii) potential locations for each Franchised Business, and
    resulting Designated Territories (as defined below), within the Site
    Selection Area will be reviewed and rejected/granted on a
    first-to-propose basis.

         C.       Designated Territory.

                  1. Franchisee shall only have the right to operate the Franchised Business and
                     offer/provide the Approved Services and, if applicable, Ancillary Services, in
                     connection with homes that are located within the designated territory as stated in
                     Section 3 of the Data Sheet (the “Designated Territory”). If Franchisee is granted the
                     right to operate the Franchised Business in more than one Designated Territory, the
                     number of Designated Territories shall be set forth in Section 3 of the Data Sheet.
                     Franchisor may ask Franchisee to provide the Approved Services and/or Ancillary
                     Services outside of the Designated Territory under certain circumstances. If Franchisee
                     agrees to provide such Approved Services and/or Ancillary Services outside of the
                     Designated Territory upon Franchisor’s request, Franchisor shall reimburse Franchisee
                     for all actual costs related to providing such Approved Services and/or Ancillary
                     Services upon receiving receipts for such costs from Franchisee.

                  2. For so long as Franchisee is in compliance with this Agreement, Franchisor will not
                     establish or operate, or license a third party the right to establish or operate, any other
                     Business that utilizes the System and Proprietary Marks from a premises within the
                     Designated Territory.

                  3. Notwithstanding the foregoing, regardless of whether Franchisee offers or declines to
                     offer Ancillary Services, (1) Franchisor or an affiliate of Franchisor may offer and/or
                     provide such Ancillary Services within the Designated Territory, (2) Franchisor may
                     authorize another Spray-Net franchisee to offer and/or provide such Ancillary Services
                     within the Designated Territory, or (3) Franchisor may offer and sell franchise rights
                     to a third party under the Spray-Net brand or otherwise to offer and/or provide such
                     Ancillary Services within the Designated Territory. If Franchisor exercises any of its
                     rights in this Section, there shall be no remuneration due to Franchisee.

         D.       Rights Not Granted. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement does not
                  grant Franchisee any right or option to open any additional Franchised Businesses nor does
                  this Agreement provide Franchisee with any right to sub-license or sub-franchise any of
                  the rights granted hereunder. Franchisee may not use the Proprietary Marks or System for
                  any purpose other than promoting and operating the Franchised Business at the Premises
                  and within the Designated Territory. Franchisor will have sole discretion as to whether it
                  decides to grant Franchisee the right to open any additional Franchised Businesses, each of
                  which will be governed by a separate form of Franchisor’s then-current franchise
                  agreement.

         E.       Reservation of Rights. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, Franchisor
                  and its affiliates hereby reserve the exclusive right to: (i) own and operate franchised
                  businesses at any location(s) outside of the Designated Territory under the Proprietary
                  Marks, or to license others the right to own and operate Spray-Net businesses at any
                  location(s) outside of the Designated Territory under the Proprietary Marks and System;
                  (ii) the right to own and operate businesses under different marks at any location(s) inside

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 5  or outside of the
    Designated Territory, or license to others the right to own and
    operate such businesses, under different marks at any location(s)
    inside or outside of the Designated Territory (such businesses will
    not primarily provide painting products and services); (iii) use the
    Proprietary Marks and System in connection with services and
    products, promotional and marketing efforts, or related items, or in
    alternative channels of distribution, including the sale of any
    Spray-Net products in wholesale and retail stores, via the Internet,
    and through mail order catalog, without regard to location; and (iv)
    use the Proprietary Marks and System, and license others to use the
    Marks and System to engage in any other activities not expressly
    prohibited in this Agreement.

         F.       Modification of System. Franchisor reserves the right to supplement, revise or otherwise
                  modify the System or any aspect/component thereof, and Franchisee agrees to promptly
                  accept and comply with any such addition, subtraction, revision, modification or change
                  and make such reasonable expenditures as may be necessary to comply with any change
                  that Franchisor makes to the System. Any change or modification that Franchisor makes
                  to the System will not materially alter Franchisee’s fundamental rights under this
                  Agreement. Moreover, Franchisor will provide Franchisee with a reasonable amount of
                  time to comply with any change or modification to the System once Franchisee has been
                  notified of such change/modification in writing (via the Manuals or otherwise).

3.   TERM AND RENEWAL

         A.       Term. Unless previously terminated under this Agreement, the term of this Agreement
                  shall be for a period of ten (10) years (“Initial Term”) commencing as of the Effective Date.

         B.       Renewal. Franchisee may submit a request to renew this Agreement for up to one (1)
                  additional, consecutive term of ten (10) years, and must provide the request to renew no
                  less than six (6) months and no more than twelve (12) months prior to the end of the then-
                  current term. Failure to provide such notice to Franchisor will be deemed an indication that
                  Franchisee does not wish to renew the franchise relationship. Franchisor shall not
                  unreasonably withhold its approval of such requests for renewal, provided Franchisee
                  complies with the following conditions:

                  1.      Franchisee must not have: (i) any uncured material defaults under this Agreement
                          (including any monetary defaults) or any other agreement between Franchisee and
                          Franchisor or the landlord of the Premises, either at time of Franchisee’s renewal
                          request or at the time of renewal; and (ii) received more than three (3) separate,
                          written notices of material default from Franchisor with respect to this Agreement
                          in the 12-month period preceding the renewal request date or renewal date.

                  2.      Franchisee must execute Franchisor’s then-current form of franchise agreement,
                          which may contain materially different terms and conditions from those contained
                          in this Agreement, within thirty (30) days of the date Franchisee is provided with
                          Franchisor’s then-current form of franchise agreement.

                  3.      Franchisee pays Franchisor a renewal fee amounting to Ten Thousand Dollars
                          ($10,000) prior to Franchisor entering into the renewal form of franchise
                          agreement described in Section 3(B)(2) above. Franchisee will not be required to
                          pay an additional Initial Franchisee Fee (as defined in Section 4) upon renewal.

                  4.      At Franchisor’s option, Franchisee and/or the Designated Manager (as defined in

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 6  this Agreement and as
    applicable) attends a prescribed training refresher course at least
    thirty (30) days before the expiration of the then-current term of
    this Agreement. Franchisee will be responsible for all expenses
    incurred in connection with attending this refresher training.

                  5.     Franchisee executes a general release under seal, in a form satisfactory to
                         Franchisor, of any and all claims it may have against Franchisor and its officers,
                         directors, shareholders, and employees in their corporate and individual capacities,
                         including without limitation, all claims arising under any federal, state, or local
                         law, rule, or ordinance.

                  6.     Franchisee must have participated in and supported the training procedures,
                         purchasing, marketing, advertising, promotional, and other operational and
                         training programs recommended or provided by Franchisor to the satisfaction of
                         Franchisor.

                  7.     Franchisee agrees, at its sole cost and expense, to re-image, renovate, refurbish,
                         and modernize the Approved Vehicles (defined herein) and Franchised Business
                         within the time frame required by Franchisor, including the design, equipment,
                         signs, interior and exterior, displays, inventory assortment and depth, fixtures,
                         furnishings, trade dress, color scheme, presentation of trademarks and service
                         marks, supplies, and other products and materials, as necessary to meet
                         Franchisor’s then-current System standards, specifications, and design criteria for
                         a newly opened Franchised Business.

4.   FEES AND PAYMENTS

         A.       Fees. In consideration of the rights and license granted herein, Franchisee agrees and
                  acknowledges that it must pay the following amounts to Franchisor or, as noted below,
                  Franchisor’s designated supplier:

                  1.     Initial Franchise Fee. Upon execution of this Agreement, Franchisee must pay
                         Franchisor an initial franchise fee amounting to Fifty-Four Thousand Five-
                         Hundred Dollars ($54,500) (the “Initial Franchise Fee”) for a single Designated
                         Territory. If you are granted the right to operate your Franchised Business in more
                         than one Designated Territory, each additional Designated Territory will have its
                         own Initial Franchise Fee according to the table below, and you will pay Franchisor
                         the Cumulative Franchise Fee based on the table below upon execution of this
                         Agreement. Upon approval by Franchisor, Franchisee may also purchase
                         additional population for $0.66 per additional household. The fees you pay under
                         this Section 4(A)(1) shall be deemed fully earned and non-refundable under any
                         circumstances, except as specifically stated herein, upon payment. If Franchisee
                         does not complete Franchisor’s initial training program to Franchisor’s
                         satisfaction, Franchisor may terminate this Agreement and return the Initial
                         Franchise Fee and fifty percent (50%) of the Training Fee to Franchisee in
                         exchange for a release and confidentiality agreement. If Franchisee withdraws
                         from Franchisor’s initial training program or otherwise does not complete the
                         initial training program, the Initial Franchise Fee is non-refundable. Franchisee’s
                         Initial Franchise Fee, as calculated by this table and accounting for additional
                         households, is stated in the Data Sheet attached hereto as Exhibit A.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 7  Number of Total Number of
Initial Franchise Cumulative Franchise Designated Households Fee Fee
Territories

                   1                 75,000                $54,500                   $54,500

                   2                150,000                $45,000                   $99,500

                   3                225,000                $45,000                   $144,500


                 2.        Initial Training Fee. Franchisee must pay Franchisor an initial training fee of
                           Fifteen Thousand Dollars ($15,000) (the “Initial Training Fee”) prior to or around
                           the time Franchisee initially launches its Franchised Business. The Initial Training
                           Fee is deemed fully earned and non-refundable upon signing this Agreement.

                 3.        Initial Marketing Investment. Upon execution of this Agreement, Franchisee must
                           expend a specified amount on certain digital and other marketing efforts within the
                           two (2) months prior to the Franchised Business opening (the “Initial Marketing
                           Investment”). The Initial Marketing Investment will be paid to Franchisor, an
                           Approved Supplier, or any other third party that Franchisor designates, and
                           Franchisor will use and/or direct all or a portion of these funds as Franchisor
                           determines appropriate in its discretion to promote and market the Franchised
                           Business within the Designated Territory(ies), including directing funds to
                           suppliers Franchisor has designated approved for such services. If Franchisee
                           purchases more than one (1) Designated Territory, Franchisee must spend the
                           following amounts in the first two (2) months of each year of operation in addition
                           to the Initial Marketing Investment spent prior to opening the Franchised Business:


                                          Initial Marketing   Initial Marketing     Initial Marketing
                       Period              for 1 Designated    for 2 Designated      for 3 Designated
                                               Territory          Territories           Territories

              Within two months before
                                               $20,000               $20,000            $20,000
                      Opening

              During Your Second Year
                                               $10,000               $10,000            $10,000
                    of Operation

             During Your Third Year of
                                                  -                     -                $7,500
                    Operation


                 4.        Marketing Kit and Other Inventory Purchases.

                           a. Upon signing this Agreement, Franchisee must pay Franchisor five thousand
                              dollars ($5,000) to eight thousand dollars ($8,000) for the initial package of
                              business supplies such as uniforms, marketing brochures, letterhead and
                              business cards to use in the operation of its Franchised Business (the
                              “Marketing Kit”).

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 8  b. Franchisee will be
required to purchase ongoing inventory, including certain proprietary
and/or branded paint and other products necessary to provide the
Approved Services (collectively, the "Proprietary Products"), as in the
amounts initially required by Franchisor and otherwise as needed to meet
client demand for the Approved Services.

                       c. Beginning when Franchisee opens for business, Franchisee shall pay
                          Franchisor the then-current fee for Franchisor’s Business Management
                          Software on the first of each month plus 0.25% of Franchise’s monthly Gross
                          Sales generated by the Franchised Business. The Business Management
                          Software fee is currently $350 per month plus 0.25% of Franchise’s monthly
                          Gross Sales generated by the Franchised Business. Franchisee shall ensure that
                          all of its agents, employees, and contractors who will be utilizing Franchisor’s
                          proprietary Spray-Network software accept Franchisor’s then-current Terms
                          and Conditions for use of the Spray-Network software. The current Terms and
                          Conditions are attached hereto as Exhibit G. Franchisee shall report to
                          Franchisor all data related to products and services as required by Franchisor
                          from time to time. Such data may include, without limitation, weather
                          conditions among other data points. Franchisor may request such data from
                          Franchisee from time to time or, in Franchisor’s discretion, Franchisor may
                          require Franchisee to enter such data into Franchisor’s Spray-Network
                          software or another method of data collection.

                       d. Prior to opening the Franchised Business, Franchisee shall purchase the
                          “Production Supplies Kit” and the “Sales Kit” (or the items that Franchisor
                          designates as constituting these two kits) from Franchisor and/or its approved
                          and/or designated suppliers. The Production Supplies Kit currently costs
                          approximately $10,700 to $11,500. The Sales Kit currently costs
                          approximately $7,500 to $8,500.

                 5.    Definition of Gross Sales. In addition to the fees above, Franchisee will be required
                       to pay Franchisor certain ongoing fees that may be based on gross sales. As used
                       in this Agreement, “Gross Sales” include all: (a) revenue from the sale of all
                       products and performance of services from the Franchised Business, whether for
                       cash, credit or barter, and regardless of collection in the case of credit, and income
                       of every kind and nature related to the Franchised Business; and (b) any rebates or
                       other consideration that Franchisee receives from third-party vendors/suppliers.
                       “Gross Sales” from customers will not include monies that are collected and
                       submitted by Franchisee for the transmittal to the appropriate taxing authority. In
                       computing the Gross Sales, the Franchisee shall be permitted to deduct the amount
                       of cash refunds to, and coupons used by customers at or prior to the time the
                       customer has paid the full balance owed to Franchisee, provided such amounts
                       have been included in sales. In the event Franchisee participates in any discount
                       program, including but not limited to Groupon (which Franchisor must approve in
                       writing), Gross Sales will include the full retail value of the goods or services
                       rendered to the customer before any discounts or commission.

                 6.    Royalty Fee. Once the Franchised Business is open and operating (and/or required
                       to be open and operating under this Agreement), Franchisee will pay Franchisor a
                       continuing weekly royalty fee in the amount equal to seven percent (7%) (the
                       “Royalty Fee”) of Gross Sales generated by Franchisee’s Franchised Business. The

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 9  Royalty Fee is payable each
Monday afternoon following the end of the previous Business Week. The
Royalty Fee is deemed fully earned and nonrefundable upon payment.

                 7.    Fund Contribution. Franchisor has established a System-wide marketing and
                       technology fund (the “Fund”). Franchisee shall make monthly contributions to the
                       Fund according to the chart in Section 9.E. Each month, Franchisee shall pay
                       Franchisor the then-current Annual Fund Contribution amount (based on the
                       number of Designated Territories Franchisee has purchased and the length of time
                       the Franchised Business has been in operation), as reflected in the chart, divided
                       by twelve (12). Franchisor reserves the right to select when the Fund contributions
                       are made. Franchisor may modify these fund contribution requirements upon thirty
                       (30) days written notice to Franchisee. Currently, the Fund Contribution is payable
                       on the first of each month. The Fund Contribution is deemed fully earned and
                       nonrefundable upon payment.

                 8.    Ancillary Equipment and Training. If Franchisee is granted the right to provide
                       Ancillary Services (i.e., Roofing Services), then Franchisee will be required to
                       purchase additional equipment to provide these Ancillary Services and may be
                       required to purchase a Roofing Starter Kit from Franchisor and pay Franchisor a
                       fee to attend Franchisor’s required training that is necessary to perform the
                       Ancillary Services. Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee to provide
                       the Ancillary Services after operating for a period of two (2) years and purchase
                       the equipment and pay for the training necessary to perform such Ancillary
                       Services. Franchisor may also require Franchisee to spend an additional amount
                       on marketing if Franchisee begins offering Ancillary Services, including a portion
                       of this amount that could be paid directly to Franchisor.

                 9.    Technology Fee. Beginning upon the execution of this Agreement, Franchisee
                       shall pay Franchisor its then-current monthly technology fee (the “Technology
                       Fee”), on the same payment terms as the Royalty Fee, as consideration for any
                       technology Franchisor (a) determines to associate, improve, or otherwise develop
                       with the System and cover all or some portion of with this fee, and/or (b) collect
                       on behalf of Franchisor’s Approved Supplier and subsequently pay them under any
                       type of agreement or relationship. Franchisor may also require Franchisee to pay
                       the Technology Fee directly to one or more Approved Suppliers. Currently, the
                       Technology Fee is approximately one hundred dollars ($100.00) per month.

                 10.   Other Amounts. Franchisee will also be responsible for the other costs associated
                       with establishing and operating the Franchised Business in accordance with
                       System standards and specifications that Franchisee may be required to pay to
                       Franchisor’s approved or designated supplier (which may include Franchisor or its
                       affiliates): (a) local advertising and promotion of the Franchised Business; (b)
                       training/tuition fees; (c) evaluation costs; (d) ongoing software licensing fees for
                       software that Franchisor designates for use in connection with the Franchised
                       Business, including the System-based business management software
                       (collectively, the “Required Software”); (e) home-show booth and spray-booth; (f)
                       computer hardware; and (g) certain marketing dollars that Franchisor may collect
                       and expend on behalf of the Franchised Business in connection with territorial
                       campaigns as described more fully in this Agreement, a marketing and advertising
                       materials Franchisor may require Franchisee to purchase any of items or services

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 10  that are required in
connection with Franchised Business from such an approved or designated
supplier.

        B.       Method of Payment; Bank Accounts.

                 1.     Method of Payment. With the exception of the Initial Franchise Fee (which should
                        be paid by bank check or wire transfer), Franchisee shall pay all fees and other
                        amounts due to Franchisor and/or its affiliates under this Agreement through an
                        electronic funds transfer program designated by Franchisor (the “Payment
                        Program”), under which Franchisor automatically deducts all payments owed to
                        Franchisor under this Agreement, or any other agreement between Franchisee and
                        Franchisor or its affiliates, from the bank account Franchisee provides to
                        Franchisor for use in connection with Payment Program (the “Payment Account”).
                        Upon Franchisor’s written request, Franchisee must make all such payments
                        described in this Section by bank or certified check. Franchisor may, in its sole
                        discretion, change the timing of and method by which Franchisee shall pay all fees
                        and other amounts due to Franchisor and/or its affiliates under this Agreement.
                        Franchisee shall utilize Franchisor’s designated payment processing software,
                        currently GoCardless, for all payments due to Franchisor and its affiliates.
                        Franchisee shall be responsible for either paying or reimbursing Franchisor for any
                        and all bank charges or other electronic payment fees associated with any payments
                        due or otherwise made to Franchisor and/or its affiliates.

                 2.     Use of Payment Account for Operational Funds. Franchisee shall immediately
                        deposit all revenues from operation of the Franchised Business into the Payment
                        Account immediately upon receipt, including cash, checks, and credit card
                        receipts. At least ten (10) days prior to opening the Franchised Business,
                        Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with: (i) Franchisee’s bank name, address and
                        account number; and (ii) a voided check from such bank account.
                        Contemporaneous with the execution of this Agreement, Franchisee shall sign and
                        provide to Franchisor and Franchisee’s bank or Franchisor’s designated online
                        platform (currently GoCardless), all documents, including (if required by
                        Franchisor) Franchisor’s form of EFT Authorization Form attached as Exhibit D
                        to this Agreement, necessary to effectuate the Payment Program and Franchisor’s
                        ability to withdraw funds from the Payment Account via electronic funds transfer
                        or any other means determined by Franchisor in its sole discretion. Franchisee shall
                        immediately notify Franchisor of any change in Franchisee’s banking relationship,
                        including any change to the Payment Account. Franchisor may require Franchisee
                        to accept and process all customer payments through Franchisor’s Business
                        Management Software, and Franchisee shall be responsible for paying all
                        applicable terminal fees and payment processing fees or reimbursing Franchisor
                        for such fees.

                 3.     Adjustments for Inflation. All fees due to Franchisor under this Franchise
                        Agreement other than the Initial Franchise Fee may be increased from time to time
                        to account for inflation as measured by the United States Consumer Price Index.

        C.       Access to Computer System. Franchisor may, without notice to Franchisee, have the right
                 to independently and remotely access any proprietary software program and the computer
                 system that Franchisee is required to use in connection with the Franchised Business or
                 will be required to use in the future (the “Computer System”), via the Internet other

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 11  electronic means, in order
to obtain any financial and/or Client information that is related to the
operation of the Franchised Business, including without limitation,
Gross Sales and Client contact and property information. Franchisee must
obtain and use the Computer System hardware, software and other
components that Franchisor prescribed for use in connection with the
Franchised Business and utilize and participate in any intranet/extranet
that Franchisor establishes in connection with the System. Franchisee
hereby consents to Franchisor using and disclosing to third parties
(including, without limitation, prospective franchisees, financial
institutions, legal and financial advisors), for any purpose or as may
be required by law, any financial or other information contained in or
resulting from information, data, materials, statements and reports
received by Franchisor or disclosed to Franchisor in accordance with
this Agreement.

        D.       Operational Reports; Right to Modify Payment Interval.

                 1.      Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with the following reports and information, all
                         of which must be certified as true and correct by Franchisee and in the form and
                         manner prescribed by Franchisor: (i) a signed Gross Sales report no later than noon
                         on Monday of each week for Gross Sales generated during the immediately
                         preceding week detailing the information from the preceding week, including (a)
                         Gross Sales of the Franchised Business, (b) Franchisee’s calculated Royalty Fee,
                         (c) Fund contributions (if applicable), (d) Cooperative contributions (if applicable),
                         and such evidence that Franchisee has made its local advertising expenditures
                         required by Franchisor under this Agreement, the Manual, policy, or otherwise in
                         writing; (ii) on or before the twentieth (20th) of each month, an unaudited profit
                         and loss statement for the Franchised Business for the preceding calendar month;
                         (iii) within sixty (60) days of each calendar quarter, an unaudited balance sheet
                         reflecting the financial position of the Franchised Business as of the end of that
                         calendar quarter; (iv) within sixty (60) days of Franchisor’s request, a financial
                         statement that details the total assets and liabilities of the Franchised Business (and,
                         if appropriate Franchisee and personal guarantors under this Agreement); (v)
                         within sixty (60) days after the close of each fiscal year of Franchisee, financial
                         statements which must include a statement of income and retained earnings, a
                         statement of changes in financial position, and a balance sheet of the Franchised
                         Business, all as of the end of such fiscal year; and (vi) any other financial
                         information or performance metrics of the Franchised Business that Franchisor
                         may reasonably request.

                 2.      The parties agree and acknowledge that Franchisor may modify the interval at
                         which it collects Franchisee’s Royalty Fee, Fund Contribution and other recurring
                         fees under this Agreement upon written notice (i.e., Franchisor may provide
                         Franchisee with notice that it will be collecting these fees on a monthly rather than
                         weekly basis). In such event, Franchisee’s reporting obligations may also be
                         modified by Franchisor accordingly.

                 3.      Franchisee hereby grants Franchisor permission to report and distribute
                         Franchisee’s gross sales, gross sales mix, cost of material and labor and other
                         certain expenses to other existing franchisees of Franchisor with such additional
                         information as Franchisor may deem appropriate, including the identification of
                         Franchisee, the location of Franchisee’s franchised premises, and such other
                         information as may make the gross sales/gross sales mix information a useful
                         business aid to Franchisee and other franchisees of Franchisor. Franchisee will

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 12  save and hold harmless
Franchisor against and from any and all claims, liabilities, or suits
resulting from or in connection with any acts or omission of Franchisor
in the aforementioned reporting of sales.

        E.       Late Payments. If any payment due under this Agreement is not received by Franchisor
                 by the scheduled date due, Franchisee shall be in default under this Agreement. If any
                 payment is overdue, Franchisee shall pay interest to the Franchisor, in addition to the
                 overdue amount, at a rate of eighteen percent (18%) per year, or higher, as permitted by
                 applicable law in the state where the Franchised Business is located, beginning from the
                 date of non-payment or underpayment, until paid. Franchisor further reserves the right to
                 charge a late fee amounting to $500 in connection with any payment that is late or that
                 Franchisor is unable to collect via Franchisee’s Payment Account. Entitlement to collect
                 such interest shall be in addition to any and all other remedies Franchisor may have.
                 Franchisee agrees to pay Fifty Dollars ($50.00) for each check given or electronic transfer
                 made to Franchisor that is dishonored, fails to process, or is returned.

        F.       Taxes Owed by Franchisee. No payments to be made to Franchisor by Franchisee,
                 whether for royalties, advertising, merchandise, special programs, or otherwise, may be
                 reduced on account of the imposition by any federal, state, or local authority of any tax,
                 charge, or assessment, or by any claim Franchisee may have against Franchisor. All taxes,
                 charges, or assessments shall be paid by Franchisee to the taxing authorities when due, in
                 addition to the amounts due to Franchisor, including, but not limited to, all required lodging
                 taxes.

        G.       Inability to Operate Franchised Business. If Franchisee is unable to operate the
                 Franchised Business due to damage or loss to the Premises and/or the Approved Vehicle(s)
                 and any equipment located thereon caused or created by a casualty, act of God,
                 condemnation, or other condition over which Franchisee has no control, then Franchisor
                 will waive the Royalty Fee due under this Agreement for a period of time that Franchisor
                 reasonably determines is necessary for the Franchised Business to repair the damage/loss
                 to the Premises and resume operations (or relocate the Franchised Business to a different
                 location within the Designated Territory), with said waiver period not to exceed ninety (90)
                 days commencing from the date Franchisee gives Franchisor notice of the damage or loss.

        H.       Failure to Input Business Information. If Franchisee fails to input all prospects, clients,
                 sales appointments and visits, jobs, sales, etc. in to its business management software, then
                 Franchisee will be charged Franchisor’s then-current fee, which is currently $500 per
                 reporting infraction.

5.   DUTIES OF FRANCHISOR

         A.       Initial Training.

                  1. Initial Training Prior to Opening Subject to Payment of the Initial Training Fee.
                     Franchisor will provide (a) its initial training program (the “Initial Training Program”)
                     to Franchisee (or its operating principal if Franchisee is an entity) and, if applicable,
                     the individual that Franchisee has designated and Franchisor has approved to handle
                     the day-to-day management of the Franchised Business (a “Designated Manager”), and
                     (b) the appropriate components of the Initial Training Program to each additional
                     individual that Franchisee expects or intends to engage provide certain Approved
                     Services and Approved Products through the Franchised Business. The parties agree

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 13  and acknowledge
    that: (i) certain portions of the Initial Training Program will be
    provided by Franchisor remotely via telephone calls, webinars or
    other online learning management system/technology; (ii) other
    portions of the Initial Training Program must be attended and
    completed at Franchisor's headquarters, Franchisee's Premises or
    other designated training facility for the time period Franchisor
    prescribes or otherwise approves; and (iii) Franchisee shall bear
    all its costs and expenses incurred by Franchisee and all other
    trainees in connection with the Initial Training Program, including
    without limitation, travel, lodging, meals, local transportation and
    wages for any personnel.

                  2. Replacement Personnel. Franchisor will also provide the Initial Training Program or
                     appropriate portions thereof to any replacement personnel that will serve as
                     Franchisee’s Designated Manager of the Franchised Business, provided Franchisee
                     pays Franchisor’s then-current Additional Training Fee for such initial training (as well
                     as any costs and expenses incurred such as lodging and travel) and subject to the
                     schedule and availability of Franchisor’s training staff.

                  3. Training Pre-Conditions; Acknowledgement of Completion. The parties agree and
                     acknowledge that: (i) Franchisee must satisfy the training pre-conditions found in
                     Section 6(N) of this Agreement (the “Training Pre-Conditions”) before Franchisee or
                     any of its personnel can attend any portion of the Initial Training Program that is
                     provided at Franchisor’s headquarters, Franchisee’s Premises and/or other designated
                     training facility; and (ii) upon completion of the Initial Training Program and/or any
                     appropriate components thereof, Franchisee or the individual that completed such
                     training may be required to sign an acknowledgement that it received such training
                     from Franchisor consistent with this Agreement.

         B.       On-Site Assistance. Subject to Franchisee and its appropriate personnel attending and
                  completing all necessary training to commence operations of the Franchised Business and
                  satisfaction of all Training Pre-Conditions, Franchisor will provide on-site assistance at the
                  Franchised Business or otherwise within the Designated Territory hereunder that typically
                  lasts up to three (3) business days and is provided around the time that Franchisor approves
                  Franchisee to commence operations of the Franchised Business.

         C.       Additional and Refresher Training.

                  1. Required Additional Training. Franchisor may, as it deems appropriate in its discretion,
                     develop additional and refresher training courses, and require Franchisee, its
                     Designated Manager and any other SN Specialist to attend such courses no more
                     frequently than: (i) two (2) sessions of additional/refresher training year, which,
                     combined will not exceed seven (7) total days and may take place at Franchisor’s
                     designated training facility; and (ii) twenty-four (24) hours of additional or refresher
                     training via online learning management system (“LMS”) or other medium that allows
                     for remote attendance and completion (“Additional Training”). Franchisor will not
                     require Franchisee to pay its then-current Additional Training Fee, plus lodging and
                     travel, in connection with any Additional Training that Franchisor requires under this
                     Section, but Franchisee will be responsible for the costs and expenses incurred in
                     connection with Franchisee and its designated personnel attending such training, which
                     may take place at a training facility that Franchisor designates.

                  2. Requested Additional Training and/or On-Site Assistance. Franchisor may also provide

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 14  Additional Training or
    other on-site assistance at Franchisee's reasonable written request,
    subject to: (i) the schedule and availability of Franchisor's
    training personnel; and (ii) Franchisee paying Franchisor's
    then-current Additional Training Fee, plus lodging and travel, for
    each trainer that is provided in connection with the requested
    Additional Training, as well as Franchisee covering the costs and
    expenses that such personnel incur in providing such training.
    Franchisor will provide Additional Training under this Section as it
    deems appropriate in its discretion.

                  3. Remedial Training. Franchisor may require Franchisee to attend up to five (5) days of
                     remedial training that Franchisor reasonably determines Franchisee and appropriate
                     personnel must undertake in response to (a) the failure of Franchisee or any other
                     required personnel to sufficiently complete the Initial Training Program or any type of
                     Additional Training that Franchisor requires under Section 5(C)(1) above, or (b)
                     Franchisee’s failure to operate the Franchised Business in accordance with the terms
                     of the Franchise Agreement after Franchisor has provided Franchisee with written
                     notice of such failure (each, an instance of “Remedial Training”). Franchisor reserves
                     the right to charge its then-current Additional Training Fee, plus lodging and travel,
                     for any Remedial Training that is provided to Franchisee and/or its personnel at any
                     location. Franchisee must cover the costs and expenses incurred by Franchisor and its
                     personnel in providing such Remedial Training if such training is provided at a location
                     other than Franchisor’s headquarters.

         D.       Manuals. Franchisor will provide access to, or otherwise loan, Franchisee one (1) copy of
                  the Manuals prior to the opening of the Franchised Business. Franchisor will also loan
                  Franchisee a list of: (i) all furniture, fixtures, equipment, inventory, supplies and other
                  items that Franchisee is required to purchase or lease in connection with the establishment
                  and ongoing operation of the Franchised Business (collectively, the “Required Items”); (ii)
                  a list of all suppliers from which Franchisee must purchase or lease any Required Items,
                  which may be Franchisor or its affiliates (collectively, the “Approved Suppliers”); and (iii)
                  a list of the Approved Products and Approved Services that Franchisee is authorized to
                  offer, sell or provide at and from the Franchised Business, including membership programs
                  and services. The foregoing lists may be provided as part of the Manuals or otherwise in
                  writing prior to opening, and Franchisor has the right to revise, supplement or otherwise
                  modify these lists and the Manuals at any time upon written notice to Franchisee.
                  Franchisor may also establish and maintain a website portal or other intranet for use by
                  Franchisee and other Franchised Business owners (the “Spray-Net Web Portal”), where
                  Franchisor may post content that will automatically become part of, and constitute a
                  supplement to, the Manuals, all of which Franchisee must strictly comply with promptly
                  after such content is posted or otherwise listed on the Spray-Net Web Portal. In the event
                  Franchisee or its personnel saves or prints out a hard copy of any Manual, then such
                  electronic/hard versions of said Manuals must be immediately returned upon expiration or
                  termination of this Agreement for any reason (and never used for any competitive purpose).
                  The provisions of this Section shall survive the term of this Agreement

         E.       Initial Marketing Assistance. Franchisor may assist Franchisee, as it deems appropriate
                  in its discretion, in developing and conducting the Initial Marketing Investment (as defined
                  and described more fully in Section 9 of this Agreement), which program will be conducted
                  at Franchisee’s expense.

         F.       Continuing Assistance.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 15  1. Franchisor may, as it
deems appropriate and advisable in its sole discretion, provide
continuing advisory assistance in the operation of the Franchised
Business. Franchisor's determination not to provide any particular
service, either initial or continuing, shall not excuse Franchisee from
any of its obligations under this Agreement. 2. Franchisor may provide
such assistance via telephone, fax, intranet communication, Skype or any
other communication channel Franchisor deems appropriate, subject to the
availability and schedules of Franchisor's personnel.

                 3.      Franchisor may make available to Franchisee information regarding any new
                         product, service or suppliers or any updated methods of doing business.

                 4.      In the event Franchisee requests that Franchisor provide any type of assistance or
                         training on-site at the Franchised Business, then Franchisee may be required to pay
                         Franchisor’s then-current training tuition fee in connection with such training (in
                         addition to reimbursing Franchisor for any costs/expenses that Franchisor’s
                         personnel incurs in connection with providing such assistance).

        G.       Review of Advertising Materials. Franchisor will review and approve/reject any
                 advertising or marketing materials proposed by Franchisee in connection with the
                 Franchised Business as described more fully in Section 9 of this Agreement.

        H.       Website. For so long as Franchisor has an active website containing content designed to
                 promote the SPRAY-NET brand, System and Proprietary Marks (collectively, the
                 “Website”), Franchisor will list the contact information of the Franchised Business on this
                 Website, provided Franchisee is not in material default under this Agreement. The Website
                 is discussed in greater detail in Section 9(G) of this Agreement.

        I.       Email Addresses. Franchisor will provide Franchisee with at least one (1) email address,
                 which: (i) Franchisee is required to use in connection with the Franchised Business; and
                 (ii) must be the only email addresses used in connection with the Franchised Business.

        J.       Private Label Products. Franchisor may directly, or indirectly through Franchisor’s
                 affiliates or designated vendors, develop and provide Franchisee with private label products
                 or other merchandise bearing the Proprietary Marks to be used by Franchisee and/or offered
                 and sold by Franchisee as part of the Approved Services that are provided at the Franchised
                 Business. Franchisee may be required to purchase these items from Franchisor or any other
                 Approved Supplier that Franchisor designates.

        K.       Inspections of the Premises and Approved Vehicles. Franchisor will, as it deems
                 appropriate in its sole discretion, conduct inspections and/or audits of the Franchised
                 Business and, upon 48 hours’ notice, of the Premises and/or Approved Vehicles to ensure
                 that Franchisee is operating its Franchised Business in compliance with the terms of this
                 Agreement, the Manuals and the System standards and specifications. Such inspections
                 may include: (i) inspections of the Premises and/or Approved Vehicles and inspecting any
                 and all books and records; (ii) conducting mystery shop services and/or inspections
                 designed to evaluate the Approved Products and Approved Services provided by the
                 Franchised Business and any pre-sale activities involved with the same. Inspections of the
                 Premises and/or Approved Vehicles will only occur during normal business hours and, with
                 respect to the Premises, will only involve the physical area that is specifically devoted to
                 the Franchised Business. Franchisee is solely responsible for ensuring that the Franchised

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 16  Business is being operated
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

        L.       Administration of Fund. Franchisor will administer the Fund as it deems advisable to the
                 System in its sole discretion as described more fully in Section 9 of this Agreement.

        M.       No Assumption of Liability. Franchisor shall not, by virtue of any approvals or advice
                 provided to the Franchisee under this Agreement, including site approval or other approval
                 provided under this Section 5, assume any responsibility or liability to Franchisee or to any
                 third party to which it would not otherwise be responsible or liable. Franchisee
                 acknowledges that any assistance (including site selection and project oversight) provided
                 by Franchisor or its designee in relation to the selection or development of the Premises is
                 only for the purpose of determining compliance with System standards and does not
                 constitute a representation, warranty, or guarantee, express, implied or collateral, regarding
                 the choice and location of the Premises, that the development of the Premises is free of
                 error, nor that the Franchised Business is likely to achieve any level of volume, profit or
                 success.

        N.       Delegation of Duties. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that any designee, employee,
                 or agent of Franchisor may perform any duty or obligation imposed on Franchisor by the
                 Agreement, as Franchisor may direct.

        O.       Pre-Opening Obligations Acknowledgement. If Franchisee believes Franchisor has
                 failed to provide adequate pre-opening services as provided in this Agreement, Franchisee
                 shall notify Franchisor in writing within sixty (60) days following the opening of the
                 Franchised Business. Absent such notice to Franchisor, Franchisee acknowledges, agrees
                 and grants that Franchisor fully complied with all of its pre-opening and opening
                 obligations set forth in this Agreement.

        P.       Annual Conference. Franchisor may establish and conduct an annual conference for all
                 franchise owners and may require Franchisee (or its Designated Manager) to attend this
                 conference, but for no more than five (5) days each year. Franchisee will be solely
                 responsible for all expenses incurred in attending the annual conference (including any
                 employee wages), and Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee to pay Franchisor
                 its then-current convention contribution fee upon demand and prior to attending.

        Q.       Call Center and Sales Center. Franchisor has established a system-wide call center (“Call
                 Center”). Franchisee must participate with the Call Center and shall pay Franchisor two
                 hundred and ninety dollars ($290) per month for use of the Call Center beginning when the
                 Franchised Business opens for business. Within the Call Center, Franchisor has established
                 a sales center (“Sales Center”), which includes personnel who will provide quotes to
                 Franchisee’s customers and ultimately attempt to make sales to such customers. Franchisee
                 understands and acknowledges that Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, require
                 Franchisee to use the Sales Center at any time and for any length of time if Franchisor
                 believes that Franchisee is not timely providing quotes to its customers. Franchisor reserves
                 the right to charge a fee equal to five percent (5%) of the job price if Franchisor books a
                 job for Franchisee. Franchisor reserves the right, in Franchisor’s sole discretion, to require
                 Franchisee to utilize Franchisor’s Sales Center and to pay Franchisor the above fees. If
                 Franchisee utilizes Franchisor’s Call Center for purposes other than scheduling
                 appointments and providing quotes, Franchisor may charge Franchisee its then-current fees
                 for such additional services. Such additional services may include, without limitation,
                 customer service calls.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 17 6. DUTIES OF FRANCHISEE

        A.       Securing a Home Office or other Location.

                 1. The parties agree and acknowledge that: (i) Franchisor expects and assumes that
                    Franchisee will operate the Franchised Business, at least during its initial period of
                    operations, from Franchisee home office and/or residential property; (ii) in the event
                    Franchisee is not permitted by the applicable laws where his home is located from
                    parking the Mobile Services Unit and/or otherwise operating the Franchised Business,
                    then Franchisee will be permitted to operate from a third-party premises.
                 2. Regardless, Franchisee must secure a Home Office or other location for the operation
                    of the Franchised Business within ninety (90) days of the execution of this Agreement
                    that Franchisor approves in its sole discretion (if a Home Office is not already
                    identified and accepted by Franchisor at the time of execution of this Agreement).

        B.       Lease. If Franchisee must enter into a lease for the location that is not a Home Office (the
                 “Lease”), then Franchisor has the right to condition its approval of the proposed location
                 on: (i) Franchisee and Franchisee’s landlord executing a Collateral Assignment of Lease
                 (attached as Exhibit C to this Agreement) granting Franchisor the right, but not the
                 obligation, to assume the Lease upon: (i) Franchisee’s default under the Lease; or (ii) the
                 termination, transfer, or expiration of this Agreement. If Franchisor requires, the landlord
                 under the Lease must expressly consent to the Collateral Assignment of Lease in writing.

        C.       Build-Out of Premises and Time to Open.

                 1.      Franchisee must ensure the Home Office or other location complies with all
                         applicable laws necessary to serve as the premises of the Franchised Business.

                 2.      Franchisor must provide its prior written approval before Franchisee may open the
                         Franchised Business, and Franchisor reserves the right to inspect the Home Office
                         or other location, Mobile Services Unit and vehicle that Franchisor must approve
                         to tow that Mobile Services Unit (the “Approved Vehicle”) prior to the opening
                         date.

                 3.      Should Franchisee fail to open the Franchised Business for operation within the
                         prescribed period or, if applicable, within an extension of time approved in writing
                         by Franchisor, this Agreement will be deemed terminated upon written notice from
                         Franchisor to Franchisee, without the necessity of further action or documentation
                         by either party.

                 4.      If ever required by applicable law in connection with a third-party space that
                         Franchisee determines to establish instead of a Home Office for the Franchised
                         Business, Franchisee shall use a qualified licensed, general contractor or
                         construction supervisor to oversee construction or modification of the Franchised
                         Business and completion of all improvements.

                 5.      Franchisee must ensure the Home Office or other location is suitable for
                         operations, complete all other pre-opening obligations under this Agreement and
                         commence active operations no later than six (6) months from the date this
                         Agreement is executed.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 18  6. If Franchisee fails to
open the Franchised Business for operation within the prescribed period
(or, if applicable, within any extended period of time Franchisor
approves in writing), this Agreement will be deemed terminated upon
written notice to Franchisee from Franchisor.

        D.       Licenses and Permits for Franchised Business. Prior to actively soliciting prospective
                 clientele and/or providing the Approved Services, Franchisee must obtain and maintain
                 (throughout the term of this Agreement) all required licenses, permits and approvals to
                 establish, open and operate the Franchised Business at the Premises and within the
                 Designated Territory, including all required licenses and permits related to the offer and
                 sale of the Approved Services.

        E.       Licensing Requirements for Personnel. Franchisee must ensure that the applicable
                 Approved Services provided at the Franchised Business are only conducted by individuals
                 that have the necessary real estate licenses and/or other certifications or approval, if any,
                 necessary to provide the Approved Services at issue.

        F.       Approved Products and Approved Services; SN Specialist Requirement.

                 1.      Authorized Products and Approved Services Only. Franchisee must only offer and
                         sell only the Approved Products and Approved Services at the Franchised
                         Business. Franchisee may not offer or provide any other products/services and
                         must not deviate from Franchisor’s System standards and specification related to
                         the manner in which the Approved Services and Approved Products are offered
                         and sold, unless Franchisor provides its prior written consent. Franchisor has the
                         right to add additional, delete or otherwise modify certain of the Approved Services
                         or Approved Products from time to time in the Manuals and otherwise in writing,
                         as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. In the event of a dispute between
                         Franchisee and Franchisor concerning Franchisee’s right to carry any particular
                         product or to offer any specific service, Franchisee will immediately remove the
                         disputed products from inventory, remove the disputed service from those services
                         offered at the Premises, or, if the same are not already in inventory or such services
                         not yet being offered, will defer offering for sale such products and services
                         pending resolution of the dispute.

                 2.      Personnel that May Provide Certain Approved Services and/or Approved
                         Products. Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that: (i) before Franchisee and
                         other personnel of the Franchised Business may provide certain Approved Services
                         and corresponding Approved Products through the Franchised Business, including
                         those Approved Services involving the Proprietary Products, they must first
                         complete the appropriate components of the Initial Training Program necessary to
                         become an authorized provider for such Approved Services and Approved
                         Products (a “SN Specialist”); (ii) upon completion of such initial training,
                         Franchisor will provide Franchisee, its Designated Manager (if applicable) and/or
                         other individual with a written acknowledgement that he/she is an SN Specialist
                         (the “SN Specialist Notice”) that confirms and details the specific Approved
                         Services that the specialist may provide to customers of the Franchised Business
                         (the “SN Specialist Services”); and (iii) Franchisee must ensure that any Approved
                         Services and Approved Products provided through the Franchised Business are
                         provided by an SN Specialist (which may be Franchisee or its Designated Manager

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 19  or other individual) that
has received and SN Specialist Notice detailing the relevant
services/products as part of the SN Specialist Services.

        G.       Approved Vehicles, Signs, and Inventory. Franchisee must maintain at all times during
                 the term of this Agreement and any renewals hereof, at Franchisee’s expense, the Approved
                 Vehicles, the Franchised Business, and all equipment, fixtures, furnishings, signs, artwork,
                 décor items and inventory therein as necessary to comply with Franchisor’s standards and
                 specifications as prescribed in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. Franchisee must also
                 make such additions, alterations, repairs, and replacements to the foregoing as Franchisor
                 requires. At Franchisor’s request, which shall not be more often than once every five (5)
                 years, Franchisee shall refurbish and upgrade the Approved Vehicles, any equipment
                 thereon, and other components of the Franchised Business at its expense, to conform to the
                 building design, trade dress, color schemes, and presentation of Proprietary Marks
                 consistent with Franchisor’s then-current standards and conditions for the System,
                 including without limitation, redecoration, remodeling, and modifications to existing
                 improvements, but specifically excluding vehicle wraps, lettering, and/or trade dress for
                 those vehicles used in the operation of the Franchised business that may be updated more
                 frequently (collectively, the “Vehicle Updates”). Franchisee shall have twelve (12) months
                 from its receipt of Franchisor’s request to complete the change, except that Franchisee is
                 required to complete any Vehicle Updates within four (4) months of Franchisor’s request.

        H.       Compliance with Applicable Laws. Franchisee must at all times conduct and operate the
                 Franchised Business in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, and
                 regulations applicable thereto.

        I.       Approved Vehicle; Other Required Items. Franchisee must: (i) purchase, lease, and/or
                 maintain any and all Required Items that Franchisor designates for use in connection with
                 the Franchised Business that may include, without limitation, the Mobile Services Unit,
                 Approved Vehicle, Computer System, equipment, supplies, inventory; (ii) ensure that all
                 Required Items meet Franchisor’s standards and specifications; and (iii) purchase all items
                 Franchisor specifies from the Approved Supplier(s) that Franchise designates, which may
                 include Franchisor or its affiliate(s). Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that Franchisor
                 and/or its affiliates may derive revenue from the offer and sale of Required Items.

                 Franchisee shall cause the Mobile Services Unit and Approved Vehicle to be wrapped or
                 painted in signage and artwork as approved by Franchisor prior to opening the Franchised
                 Business. Franchisee agrees to maintain any Approved Vehicle in good mechanical
                 condition and an appearance that properly represents Franchisor’s brand to the public and
                 to improve vehicle appearance at the request of the Franchisor.

        J.       Required Purchases of Inventory and Supplies. Franchisee must purchase all inventory
                 and supplies required by Franchisor to sell and provide the Approved Products and
                 Approved Services, as well as thereafter maintain such inventory/supply levels, as
                 Franchisee deems reasonably necessary and appropriate, to meet current customer demand
                 and any anticipated customer demand in the near future.

        K.       Inspection of Items. Franchisee shall permit Franchisor or its agents, at any reasonable
                 time, to remove from the Franchised Business samples of items without payment therefor,
                 in amounts reasonably necessary for testing by Franchisor or an independent, certified
                 laboratory to determine whether said samples meet Franchisor’s then-current standards and
                 specifications. In addition to any other remedies it may have under this Agreement,

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 20  Franchisor may require
Franchisee to bear the cost of such testing if the supplier of the item
has not previously been approved by Franchisor, or if the sample fails
to conform to Franchisor's specifications.

        L.       Alternative Supplier Approval. If Franchisee wishes to purchase any unapproved item,
                 including inventory, and/or acquire approved items from an unapproved supplier,
                 Franchisee must provide Franchisor the name, address and telephone number of the
                 proposed supplier, a description of the item Franchisee wishes to purchase, and the
                 purchase price of the item, to the extent known. At Franchisor’s request, Franchisee must
                 also provide Franchisor, for testing purposes, a sample of the item Franchisee wishes to
                 purchase. If Franchisor incurs any costs in connection with testing a particular product or
                 evaluating an unapproved supplier at Franchisee’s request, Franchisee must reimburse
                 Franchisor for Franchisor’s reasonable testing costs, regardless of whether Franchisor
                 subsequently approves the item or supplier. Franchisor will use commercially reasonable
                 efforts to notify Franchisee in writing whether or not Franchisee’s request is approved or
                 denied within thirty (30) days of: (i) Franchisor’s receipt of all supporting information from
                 Franchisee regarding Franchisee’s request under this Section; and (ii) if applicable,
                 Franchisor’s completion of any inspection or testing associated with Franchisee’s request.
                 If Franchisor does not provide written approval within this time period, then Franchisee’s
                 request will be deemed denied. Franchisor may, but is not obligated to, provide
                 Franchisee’s proposed supplier with its specifications for the item that Franchisee wishes
                 the third-party to supply, provided that third-party executes Franchisor’s prescribed form
                 of non-disclosure agreement. Each supplier that Franchisor approves must comply with
                 Franchisor’s usual and customary requirements regarding insurance, indemnification and
                 non-disclosure. If Franchisor approves any supplier, Franchisee may enter into supply
                 contracts with such third party, but under no circumstances will Franchisor guarantee
                 Franchisee’s performance of any supply contract. Franchisor may re-inspect and revoke
                 Franchisor’s approval of particular products or suppliers when Franchisor determines, in
                 Franchisor’s sole discretion, that such products or suppliers no longer meet Franchisor’s
                 standards. Upon receipt of written notice of such revocation, Franchisee must cease
                 purchasing products from such supplier. Nothing in this Section shall be construed to
                 require Franchisor to approve any particular supplier. Franchisor may base Franchisor’s
                 approval of any such proposed item or supplier on considerations relating not only directly
                 to the item or supplier itself, but also indirectly to the uniformity, efficiency, and quality of
                 operation Franchisor deems necessary or desirable in Franchisor’s System as a whole.
                 Franchisor has the right to receive payments from suppliers on account of their dealings
                 with Franchisee and other franchisees and to use all amounts Franchisor receives without
                 restriction (unless instructed otherwise by the supplier) for any purposes Franchisor deems
                 appropriate.

        M.       Computer Issues. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that Franchisee is solely
                 responsible for protecting itself from computer viruses, bugs, power disruptions,
                 communication line disruptions, internet access failures, internet content failures, date-
                 related problems, and attacks by hackers and other unauthorized intruders in connection
                 with the operation of the Franchised Business, including the any proprietary software used
                 in connection with the System.

         N.      Training Completion and Meeting Attendance.

                 1.      Franchisee must ensure that Franchisee and, if appropriate, its Designated Manager
                         and/or any other personnel that wishes to serve as an initial SN Specialist and

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 21  provide Approved Services
to the initial customers of the Franchised Business, must attend and
successfully complete the Initial Training Program, or appropriate
portions thereof as Franchisor approves, prior to opening the Franchised
Business.

                 2.    Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that Franchisor may require Franchisee and
                       its personnel to complete the components of the Initial Training Program that are
                       provided via remote participation within thirty (30) days of the date this Agreement
                       is executed.

                 3.    Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that Franchisee must complete and/or satisfy
                       the following Training Pre-Conditions before Franchisor will approve Franchisee
                       or any of its designated trainees to attend the components of the Initial Training
                       Program that are provided at Franchisor’s headquarters or other designated training
                       facility:

                              i.        payment of the Initial Training Fee and submission of
                                        Franchisee’s Initial Marketing Investment amounting between
                                        $20,000 and $40,000 as discussed more fully in Section 9 of this
                                        Agreement;

                             ii.        undertake all steps to establish the Payment Account, as described
                                        in Section 4(B) of this Agreement, including providing Franchisor
                                        and/or its designee with all authorizations and approvals necessary
                                        to access such Payment;

                            iii.        demonstrate that Franchisee has obtained all required insurance
                                        coverages required by this Agreement and the Manuals; and

                            iv.         provide Franchisor with completed copies of all agreements and
                                        contracts that are attached as Exhibits to this Agreement that are
                                        signed by Franchisee and/or appropriate third party(ies), to the
                                        extent such documents have not been signed, completed or need
                                        to be updated as of that date.

                 4.    In addition to the Initial Training Program, Franchisee and any other management
                       personnel of the Franchised Business must, at Franchisor’s discretion, attend
                       regional meetings (“Regional Meetings”) that are either hosted or organized by
                       Franchisor, and Franchisee shall be solely responsible for all costs of attending
                       such Regional Meetings, including (i) paying Franchisor’s then-current attendance
                       fee to Franchisor upon demand, (ii) travel and lodging for those attending the
                       Regional Meetings, and (iii) employment expenses for those attending the
                       Regional Meetings such as salary and other expenses. Franchisee and any other
                       management personnel of the Franchised Business may be required, in
                       Franchisor’s discretion, to attend a training program that is conducted by one (1)
                       or more of Franchisor’s Approved Suppliers and designed to provide further
                       instruction and training regarding the operation of the Franchised Business and
                       provision of certain Approved Services (the “Third-Party Training”). If such
                       Third-Party Training is required by Franchisor, then Franchisee will be: (i)
                       required to pay the then-current Additional Training Fee, plus lodging and travel,
                       for those that attend the Third-Party Training; and (ii) responsible for the costs and
                       expenses associated with Franchisee and any other required trainees attending such

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 22  training. Once the
Franchised Business is open, Franchisor will have the right to make this
kind of Third-Party Training part of any Additional Training or Remedial
Training that Franchisor may require under this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Franchisor shall not require Franchisee
to attend more than two (2) meetings per year between the Regional
Meetings, Third-Party Training, and Annual Convention.

                 5.      Franchisee must also ensure that Franchisee and if appropriate, its Designated
                         Manager and/or SN Specialists, attend and complete and Additional Training or
                         Remedial Training that may be required under this Agreement.

                 6.      Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that it will be solely responsible for: (i) all
                         costs associated with Franchisee and/or its designated personnel attending any
                         initial or ongoing training provided by Franchisor or any third-party trainer under
                         this Agreement; and (ii) paying Franchisor its then-current Additional Training
                         Fee, plus lodging and travel, for any (a) Additional Training requested by
                         Franchisee, (b) Remedial Training that Franchisee is required to complete as part
                         of its cure actions with respect to a default hereunder, or (c) any replacement or
                         new personnel that needs to attend any portion of our Initial Training Program, as
                         set forth in this Agreement.

                 7.      Any failure by Franchisee, its Designated Manager or other SN Specialist to (a)
                         attend and complete the Initial Training Program, or (b) any other
                         training/conferences that such individual(s) are required to attend and/or complete
                         hereunder will constitute a material default of this Agreement and grounds for
                         termination if not cured within the appropriate cure period set forth in this
                         Agreement.

                 8.      If Franchisee is granted the right to provide Ancillary Services, Franchisee must
                         attend (and pay for) any training necessary to provide the Ancillary Services.

        O.       Training of Personnel. Franchisee or at least one (1) of Franchisee’s personnel that has
                 successfully completed the entire Initial Training Program must conduct training classes
                 for, and properly train, all of Franchisee’s employees on sales, advertising, maintenance of
                 the Premises, the POS and computer system, as well as any other information that is
                 relevant to each individual’s role with the Franchised Business, including Franchisor’s
                 standards and specifications for operating the Franchised Business, as Franchisor may set
                 forth in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. Further, at least one (1) person that has
                 completed the entire Initial Training Program must manage the Franchised Business at all
                 times.

        P.       Hours of Operation. Franchisee shall keep the Franchised Business open and in normal
                 operation for such minimum hours and days as Franchisor may prescribe in the Manuals
                 or otherwise in writing, and must ensure that the Franchised Business is sufficiently staffed.

        Q.       Image. Franchisee shall maintain the image of the Mobile Services Unit and other
                 components, as well as the Approved Vehicle and Home Office or other location used in
                 connection with the Franchised Business, at all times in accordance with Franchisor’s
                 standards and specifications, including: (i) ensuring that each Approved Vehicle and
                 equipment components are routinely maintained in a clean and orderly manner; and (ii)
                 ensuring that all equipment, furniture and fixtures used in connection with the Franchised

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 23  Business remains in good,
clean condition.

         R.      Customer Lists and Data/Agreements; Privacy Laws.

                 1.      Franchisee must (i) maintain a list of all of its current and former Clients, as well
                         as their properties and any Approved Services contracts associated therewith (the
                         “Client Information”), at the Premises; and (ii) make such lists and contracts
                         available for Franchisor’s inspection upon request. Franchisee must promptly
                         return this information to Franchisor upon expiration or termination of this
                         Agreement for any reason. This Client Information is deemed “Confidential
                         Information” (as later defined in this Agreement) and Franchisor’s exclusive
                         property hereunder, including all Approved Services contracts with such Clients.
                         Franchisee acknowledges that Franchisor may have automatic access to any or all
                         of this information via the Computer System and related software that Franchisor
                         requires for use in connection with the Franchised Business.

                 2.      Franchisee agrees to comply with all applicable laws pertaining to the privacy of
                         the customer, employee, and transactional information (“Privacy Laws”).
                         Franchisee further agrees to comply with Franchisor’s standards and policies
                         pertaining to Privacy Laws. If there is a conflict between Franchisor’s standards
                         and policies pertaining to Privacy Laws and actual applicable law, Franchisee will:
                         (i) comply with the requirements of applicable law; (ii) immediately give
                         Franchisor written notice of said conflict; and (iii) promptly and fully cooperate
                         with Franchisor in determining the most effective way, if any, to meet Franchisor’s
                         standards and policies pertaining to Privacy Laws within the bounds of applicable
                         law. Franchisee agrees not to publish, disseminate, implement, revise, or rescind a
                         data privacy policy without Franchisor’s prior written consent.

        S.       Promotional Prices; Pricing Guidelines. To the extent permitted under applicable law,
                 Franchisee must use commercially reasonable efforts to follow Franchisor’s general pricing
                 guidelines, including any promotional prices set by Franchisor for a particular Approved
                 Product or Approved Service. As an independent contractor, however, Franchisee may
                 exercise flexibility in meeting competition with respect to the pricing of the Approved
                 Products and Approved Services.

        T.       Operation of Franchised Business and Customer Service. Franchisee shall manage and
                 operate the Franchised Business in an ethical and honorable manner and must ensure that
                 all those working at the Franchised Business provide courteous and professional services
                 to customers and always keep its customers’ interests in mind while protecting the goodwill
                 of the Proprietary Marks, System and the Franchised Business. Franchisee must handle all
                 customer complaints and requests for returns and adjustments in a manner consistent with
                 Franchisor’s standards and specifications, and in a manner that will not detract from the
                 name and goodwill enjoyed by Franchisor. Franchisee must consider and act promptly with
                 respect to handling of customer complaints, and implement complaint response procedures
                 that Franchisor outlines in the Manuals or otherwise in writing. Franchisee shall collect and
                 submit to Franchisor all data from providing services that Franchisor requires, including,
                 without limitation, paint job conditions.

        U.       Access for Inspections/Audit. To determine whether Franchisee is complying with this
                 Agreement, Manuals and the System, Franchisor and its designated agents or
                 representatives may at all times and without prior written notice to Franchisee: (i) observe

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 24  and monitor the operation
of the Franchised Business for consecutive or intermittent periods as
Franchisor deems necessary; (ii) allow Franchisor to inspect photograph,
or videotape the Franchised Business, equipment, or operations therein;
(iii) interview or survey personnel and Clients of the Franchised
Business; and (iv) inspect, audit and/or copy any books, records, and
agreements relating to the operation of the Franchised Business,
including all financial information. Franchisee agrees to cooperate with
Franchisor fully in connection with these undertakings by Franchisor (if
taken) and take such steps as may be necessary to immediately correct
the deficiencies detected during any such inspection. If Franchisor
exercises any of these rights, Franchisor will use commercially
reasonable efforts to not unreasonably interfere with the operation of
the Franchised Business.

        V.       Personal Participation by Franchisee. Franchisee must personally participate in the
                 direct management operation of the Franchised Business on a full-time basis, unless
                 Franchisee engages a Designated Manager of whom Franchisor approves in writing to
                 manage the day-to-day operations of the Franchised Business when Franchisee is not
                 present. If Franchisee designates a manager at any time, that manager must successfully
                 complete the Initial Training Program prior to assuming any management responsibilities
                 in connection with the Franchised Business. Regardless, Franchisee is solely responsible
                 for all aspects of the operation of the Franchised Business and ensuring that all the terms,
                 conditions, and requirements contained in this Agreement and in the Manuals are met and
                 kept. If Franchisee engages a Designated Manager to manage the day-to-day operations of
                 the Franchised Business, such Designated Manager must, by one (1) year after the
                 Franchised Business opens for business, either (i) own ten percent (10%) of the equity
                 interest in Franchisee and/or the Franchised Business or (ii) be granted a compensation
                 package that grants the Designated Manager ten percent (10%) of the equity interest in
                 Franchisee and/or the Franchised Business within a reasonable period of time.

        W.       Credit Cards and Payment Methods. Franchisee must accept credit cards in connection
                 with the Franchised Business to facilitate sales, including Visa, MasterCard, American
                 Express, and Discover and any other major credit cards designated by Franchisor.
                 Franchisee may also accept cash and/or checks in connection with the Franchised Business.
                 Franchisee agrees to comply with the then-current Payment Card Industry Data Security
                 Standards (“PCI DSS”), as such standards may be revised and modified by the PCI Security
                 Standards Council (see www.pcisecuritystandards.org), or any successor organization or
                 standards that Franchisor may reasonably specify. Franchisee’s requirements include, but
                 are not limited to, implementing the enhancement, security requirements, and other
                 standards that the PCI Security Standards Council (or its successor) requires of a merchant
                 that accepts payment by credit and/or debit cards. Franchisee shall engage and use
                 Franchisor’s designated payment processing vendor for processing all payments from
                 customers to the Franchised Business.

        X.       Payments to Franchisor. Franchisee agrees to promptly pay Franchisor all payment and
                 contributions that are due to Franchisor, its affiliates or any Approved Supplier.

        Y.       Employment and Other Personnel Decisions. Franchisee agrees to be solely responsible
                 for all employment decisions and to comply with all state, federal, and local hiring laws
                 and functions of the Franchised Business, including without limitation, those related to
                 hiring, firing, training, wage and hour requirements, compensation, promotion, record-
                 keeping, supervision, and discipline of employees, paid or unpaid, full or part-time.
                 Franchisee’s employees must be competent, conscientious, and properly trained.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 25  Z. Minimum Gross Sales.

             1. The term “Minimum Gross Sales” means the minimum Gross Sales that Franchisee is
                required to generate in connection with the Franchised Business during a particular year of
                operation, which is based on (a) how long the Franchised Business has been open and (ii)
                the number of Designated Territories that Franchisee has purchased. Franchisee must
                achieve the following amounts of Minimum Gross Sales during the applicable years of
                operation:

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 26  Minimum Gross Sales

                                            1 Designated       2 Designated        3 Designated
                       Period(s)
                                              Territory         Territories         Territories


               First Year of Operation        $300,000           $350,000            $375,000
              Second Year of Operation        $431,250           $475,000            $575,000
               Third Year of Operation        $506,250           $600,000            $725,000
              Fourth Year of Operation        $531,563           $700,000            $800,000
               Fifth Year of Operation        $558,141           $735,000            $860,000
                                              $586,048           $771,750            $924,500
               Sixth Year of Operation
                                              $615,350           $810,338            $993,838
              Seventh Year of Operation
                                              $646,118           $850,854           $1,068,375
              Eighth Year of Operation
                                              $678,423           $893,397           $1,148,503
               Ninth Year of Operation
                                              $712,345           $938,067           $1,234,641
               Tenth Year of Operation



        AA.      Referral Program Participation. Franchisor may establish a referral program that governs
                 the referrals of customers between System franchisees, including Franchisee (the “Referral
                 Program”). Franchisee must participate in Franchisor’s Referral Program and perform all
                 then-current obligations set forth in the Referral Program, which Franchisor may, in its sole
                 discretion, change from time to time.

                 1. Current Referral Program Terms. As of the Effective Date of this Agreement,
                    Franchisor has established the Referral Program and Franchisee must participate and
                    perform the following, which may be subject to change in Franchisor’s sole discretion:

                           a. Referral Payment and Discount. When a customer is referred to Franchisee
                              through the Referral Program and such customer engages and pays Franchise
                              for goods and services, Franchisee shall pay a referral fee in the form of a
                              prepaid Visa Gift Card to the person who referred such customer (the “Referral
                              Payment”) and apply a discount on goods and services purchased from
                              Franchisee by the referred customer (“Referral Discount”). Franchisor may
                              designate the form of payment, vendor, and process for ordering and sending
                              the Referral Payment, and Franchisor may, in its sole discretion, issue the
                              Referral Payment and collect reimbursement from Franchisee. The Referral
                              Payment amount shall be based on the amount the referred customer actually
                              pays to Franchisee and the Referral Discount shall be based on the amount the
                              referred customer agrees to pay Franchisee (both the “Job Amount”) according
                              to the table below:

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 27  Job Amount: \$2,500 -
\$4,999 \$5,000 - \$7,499 \$7,500 - \$9,999 \$10,000+ Referral Payment:
\$125 \$250 \$375 \$500 Referral Discount:

      7.        PROPRIETARY MARKS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

           A.    Ownership of Proprietary Marks. Franchisee acknowledges the ownership and/or right
                 to use the Proprietary Marks is vested by Franchisor and/or its affiliates/principal, and
                 Franchisee agrees that during the term of this Agreement and after its expiration or
                 termination Franchisee will not directly or indirectly contest or aid in contesting the validity
                 of the Proprietary Marks or the ownership or rights of the Proprietary Marks by Franchisor.
                 Furthermore, Franchisee intends and hereby concedes that any commercial use Franchisee
                 may make of the Proprietary Marks shall contribute and inure to the commercial use and
                 benefit of Franchisor, which Franchisor may claim to strengthen and further secure
                 ownership of the Proprietary Marks.

           B.    Permitted Use. It is understood and agreed that the use by Franchisee of Franchisor’s
                 Proprietary Marks applies only in connection with the operation of the Franchised Business
                 at the Premises, and includes only such Proprietary Marks as are now designated, or which
                 may hereafter be designated in the Manuals or otherwise in writing as part of the System
                 (which might or might not be all of the Proprietary Marks pertaining to the System owned
                 by the Franchisor), and does not include any other mark, name, or indicia of origin of
                 Franchisor now existing or which may hereafter be adopted or acquired by Franchisor.

           C.    Use of Proprietary Marks in Advertising and Signage. To develop and maintain high,
                 uniform standards of quality and service and thereby protect Franchisor’s reputation and
                 goodwill, as well as that of the System, Franchisee agrees to:

                 1.      Operate and advertise the Franchised Business only under the Proprietary Marks
                         authorized by Franchisor as specified in this Agreement or the Manuals;

                 2.      Maintain and display signage and advertising bearing the Proprietary Marks that
                         reflects the current commercial image of the System and, upon notice from
                         Franchisor, to immediately discard and cease use of Proprietary Marks or other
                         imagery that has become obsolete and no longer authorized by Franchisor.

                 3.      Upon Franchisor’s request, Franchisee hereby covenants and agrees that it will
                         affix in a conspicuous location in or upon the Premises, a sign containing the
                         following notice: "This business is owned and operated independently by (name of
                         franchisee) who is an authorized SPRAY-NET franchisee.”

           D.    Proprietary Marks are Sole Property of Franchisor. Franchisee acknowledges that the
                 Proprietary Marks, System, Manuals, and all other information and items delivered to
                 Franchisee by Franchisor under this Agreement or in furtherance of the System, including
                 without limitation, signage, video and audio tapes or disks, information communicated by
                 electronic means, and intellectual property, are the sole and exclusive property of
                 Franchisor, and Franchisee’s right to use the same are contingent upon Franchisee’s
                 continued full and timely performance under this Agreement. Franchisee acknowledges it
                 acquires no rights, interests, or claims to any of said property, except for Franchisee’s rights
                 to use the same under this Agreement for the term hereof and strictly in the manner
                 prescribed. Franchisee agrees that it will not, during the term of this Agreement or any time

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 28  thereafter, contest or
challenge the sole and exclusive proprietary rights of Franchisor (and,
if appropriate, Franchisor's affiliates) to the Proprietary Marks,
System, Manuals, and other information, intellectual property, and items
delivered or provided or to which Franchisee obtains access under this
Agreement, nor shall Franchisee claim any proprietary interest in such
property. Franchisee agrees that it will not adopt, display, attempt to
register or otherwise use any names, marks, insignias, or symbols in any
business that are or may be confusingly similar to the Proprietary Marks
licensed under this Agreement.

        E.       Legal Action Involving Proprietary Marks. Furthermore, Franchisee agrees to cooperate
                 with and assist Franchisor in connection with any legal action brought by or against either
                 of them regarding the protection and preservation of the Proprietary Marks, System, or the
                 Manuals and other information and intellectual property delivered to Franchisee or used by
                 Franchisee under this Agreement.

        G.       Modification or Substitution of Marks by Franchisor. If in Franchisor’s reasonable
                 determination, the use of Proprietary Marks in connection with the System will infringe or
                 potentially infringe upon the rights of any third party, weakens or impairs Franchisor’s
                 rights in the Proprietary Marks, or it otherwise becomes advisable at any time in
                 Franchisor’s sole discretion for Franchisor to modify, discontinue, or to use one (1) or more
                 additional or substitute trade or service Proprietary Marks then upon notice from
                 Franchisor, Franchisee will terminate or modify, within a reasonable time, such use in the
                 manner prescribed by Franchisor. If Franchisor changes the Proprietary Marks in any
                 manner, Franchisor will not reimburse Franchisee for any out-of-pocket expenses that
                 Franchisee incurs to implement such modifications or substitutions. Franchisor is not
                 obligated to reimburse Franchisee for any loss of goodwill or revenue associated with any
                 modified or discontinued Proprietary Mark, nor is Franchisor responsible for reimbursing
                 Franchisee for any other costs or damages

        H.       Modification of Proprietary Marks by Franchisee. Franchisee agrees not to make any
                 changes or amendments whatsoever in or to the use of the Proprietary Marks unless
                 directed by Franchisor in writing.

        I.       Non-Exclusive Use of Proprietary Marks. Franchisee understands and agrees that its
                 right to use the Proprietary Marks is non-exclusive, that Franchisor in its sole discretion
                 has the right to grant licenses to others to use the Proprietary Marks and obtain the benefits
                 of the System in addition to the licenses and rights granted to Franchisee under this
                 Agreement, and that Franchisor may develop and license other trademarks or service marks
                 in conjunction with systems other than the System on any terms and conditions as
                 Franchisor may deem advisable where Franchisee will have no right or interest in any such
                 other trademarks, licenses, or systems.

        J.       Acknowledgements. With respect to Franchisee’s use of the Proprietary Marks under this
                 Agreement, Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that:

                 1.      Franchisee shall not use the Proprietary Marks as part of Franchisee’s corporate or
                         any other business name, domain name, e-mail address or any social media or
                         social networking profile/page;

                 2.      Franchisee shall not hold out or otherwise use the Proprietary Marks to perform
                         any activity or incur any obligation or indebtedness in such a manner as might in
                         any way make Franchisor liable therefor without Franchisor’s prior written

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 29  consent; and

                 3.      Franchisee shall execute any documents and provide such other assistance deemed
                         necessary by Franchisor or its counsel to obtain protection for Proprietary Marks
                         or to maintain the continued validity of such Proprietary Marks.

        K.       Use Outside Scope. Franchisee acknowledges that the use of the Proprietary Marks outside
                 the scope of this license without Franchisor’s prior written consent is an infringement of
                 Franchisor’s exclusive right to use the Proprietary Marks and, during the term of this
                 Agreement and after the expiration or termination hereof, Franchisee covenants not to
                 directly or indirectly commit an act of infringement, contest or aid in contesting the validity
                 or ownership of Franchisor’s Proprietary Marks, or take any other action in derogation
                 thereof.

        L.       Notification of Infringement. Franchisee shall notify Franchisor within three (3) calendar
                 days of any suspected infringement of, or challenge to, the validity of the ownership of, or
                 Franchisor’s right to use, the Proprietary Marks licensed hereunder. Franchisee will not
                 communicate with any persons other than Franchisor or Franchisor’s legal counsel in
                 connection with any such infringement, challenge, or claim. Franchisee acknowledges that
                 Franchisor has the right to control any administrative proceeding or litigation involving the
                 Proprietary Marks. In the event Franchisor undertakes the defense or prosecution of any
                 litigation relating to the Proprietary Marks, Franchisee agrees to execute any and all
                 documents and to do such acts and things as may be necessary in the opinion of counsel for
                 Franchisor to carry out such defense or prosecution.

        M.       Indemnification Regarding Marks. Franchisor will indemnify and defend Franchisee
                 against any third-party claim brought against Franchisee that arises solely out of
                 Franchisee’s authorized use of the Proprietary Marks licensed under this Agreement in
                 connection with the Franchised Business, provided: (i) such use is in full compliance with
                 Franchisor’s standards and specifications; and (ii) Franchisee notifies Franchisor in writing
                 of this third-party claim within three (3) calendar days of receiving notice or otherwise
                 learning of the claim. Franchisor will have complete control over the defense and, if
                 appropriate, settlement negotiations and resolution regarding the claims described in this
                 Section, including the right to select legal counsel Franchisor deems appropriate.
                 Franchisee must fully cooperate with Franchisor in connection with Franchisor’s defense
                 or settlement of any third-party claim that Franchisor determines to take control of under
                 this Section 7. Notwithstanding anything in this Section to the contrary, Franchisor’s
                 liability under this Section shall be limited to no more than the Initial Franchise Fee paid
                 under this Agreement.

        N.       Other Obligations of Franchisee. In addition to all other obligations of Franchisee with
                 respect to the Proprietary Marks licensed herein, Franchisee agrees:

                 1.      To feature and use the Proprietary Marks solely in the manner prescribed by
                         Franchisor and not use the Proprietary Marks on the Internet or otherwise online,
                         except as approved in writing by Franchisor; and

                 2.      To observe all such requirements with respect to service mark, trademark and
                         copyright notices, fictitious name registrations, and the display of the legal name
                         or other identification of Franchisee as Franchisor may direct in writing from time
                         to time.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 30 8. OPERATIONS MANUALS AND
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

        A.       Manuals. Franchisor will loan or provide online access to one (1) copy of the Manuals to
                 Franchisee. The Manuals shall at all times remain the sole property of Franchisor and any
                 and all copies (hard copies or electronic files) of the Manuals must be returned to
                 Franchisor upon termination or expiration and non-renewal of this Agreement. In order to
                 protect the reputation and goodwill of Franchisor and the System, and to maintain uniform
                 standards of operation under Franchisor’s Proprietary Marks, Franchisee shall conduct the
                 Franchised Business in strict accordance with Franchisor’s Manuals. In order for
                 Franchisee to benefit from new knowledge, information, methods, and technology adopted
                 and used by Franchisor in the operation of the System, Franchisor may from time to time
                 revise the Manuals, and Franchisee agrees to adhere to and abide by all such revisions (at
                 its expense). Franchisee agrees at all times to keep its copy of the Manuals current and up-
                 to-date. In the event of any dispute as to the contents of Franchisee’s Manual, the terms of
                 the master copy of the Manuals maintained by Franchisor at its home office shall be
                 controlling. Franchisor may provide any supplements, updates or revisions to the Manuals
                 via the Internet, email, the System-wide intranet/extranet or any other electronic or
                 traditional mediums it deems appropriate.

        B.       Control of Franchised Business. Franchisee acknowledges any Manual(s) provided by
                 Franchisor to Franchisee are intended to protect Franchisor’s standards, systems, names,
                 and marks, and are not intended to control day-to-day operation of Franchisee’s Business.
                 Franchisee further acknowledges and agrees that the Franchised Business will be under the
                 control of the Franchisee at all times, and that Franchisee will be responsible for the day-
                 to-day operation thereof.

        C.       Confidential Information. In connection with the operation of the Franchised Business,
                 Franchisee will from time to time become acquainted with, work with, and even generate
                 certain information, procedures, techniques, data, and materials that are and, by this
                 Agreement, will become proprietary to Franchisor. Franchisee and all persons signing this
                 Agreement agree to keep confidential any of Franchisor’s trade secrets or proprietary
                 information as defined below and will not use such for its or their own purpose or supply
                 or divulge same to any person, firm, association, or corporation except as reasonably
                 necessary to operate the Franchised Business. Franchisee agrees that it will have no
                 proprietary interest in any work product developed or used by it that arises out of the
                 operation of the Franchised Business. Franchisee will, from time to time as may be
                 requested by Franchisor, do all things that may be necessary to establish or document
                 Franchisor’s ownership of any such work product, including without limitation, the
                 execution of assignments.

        D.       Trade Secrets and Confidential Information. The confidentiality requirements set forth
                 in the preceding paragraph will remain in full force and effect during the term of this
                 Agreement and in perpetuity after its termination or expiration and non-renewal.
                 Franchisor’s trade secrets and proprietary/confidential information include the following:

                 1.      The Manuals;

                 2.      Any customer data, including the names, contact information, preferences and any
                         other information concerning users of the Approved Services, except for credit
                         card numbers, bank information or other financial data related to the transaction of

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 31  funds between the
Franchisee and Clients (collectively, the "Customer Data");

                 3.      Any and all information and materials, including all items covered by copyright or
                         any other intellectual property, associated with any proprietary software used in
                         connection with the system;

                 4.      Any information or materials, whether technical or non-technical, that is used in
                         connection with or otherwise related to the establishment and operation of a
                         Franchised Business or the System that is not commonly known by, or available
                         to, the public, including without limitation, any proprietary software; and

                 5.      Any other information that may be imparted to Franchisee from time to time and
                         designated by Franchisor as confidential (collectively, the “Confidential
                         Information”).

        E.       Confidential Information as Property of Franchisor. Franchisee acknowledges and
                 agrees that the Confidential Information, which includes the Customer Data, and any
                 business goodwill of the Franchise are Franchisor’s sole and exclusive property and that
                 Franchisee will preserve the confidentiality thereof. Upon the termination or expiration and
                 non-renewal of this Agreement, all items, records, documentation, and recordings
                 incorporating any Confidential Information will be immediately turned over by Franchisee,
                 at Franchisee’s sole expense, to Franchisor or to Franchisor’s authorized representative.

        F.       Information Not Confidential. Excepted from Confidential Information for purposes of
                 non-disclosure to any third parties by Franchisee and/or its Restricted Persons (as defined
                 in Section 8(H) below) is information that:

                 1.      Becomes publicly known through no wrongful act of Franchisee or Restricted
                         Persons; or

                 2.      Is known by Franchisee or Restricted Persons without any confidential restriction
                         at the time of the receipt of such information from Franchisor or becomes rightfully
                         known to them without confidential restriction from a source other than
                         Franchisor.

        G.       Reasonable Efforts to Maintain Confidentiality. Franchisee shall at all times treat the
                 Confidential Information as confidential and shall use all reasonable efforts to keep such
                 information secret and confidential, including without limitation, all logins/passwords/keys
                 necessary to access any component of the Computer System or related software used in
                 connection with the Franchised Business. The Manuals must remain at the Premises and
                 be kept in a secure location, under lock and key, except when it is being studied by
                 Franchisee or Franchisee’s employees. Franchisee shall not, at any time without
                 Franchisor’s prior written consent, copy, scan, duplicate, record, distribute, disseminate, or
                 otherwise make the Manuals available to any unauthorized person or entity, in whole or in
                 part.

        H.       Prevention of Unauthorized Use or Disclosure. Franchisee shall adopt and implement
                 all reasonable procedures as Franchisor may prescribe from time to time to prevent the
                 unauthorized use or disclosure of any of the Confidential Information. Franchisee must
                 ensure and require that all of its officers, agents, directors, shareholders, trustees,
                 beneficiaries, partners, employees, and independent contractors who may obtain or who

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 32  are likely to obtain
knowledge concerning the Confidential Information (collectively,
"Restricted Persons") execute Franchisor's prescribed form of
confidentiality agreement that will be in substantially the same form
attached to this Agreement as Exhibit E (the "Confidentiality and
Restrictive Covenant Agreement"). Franchisee must obtain a signed copy
of the Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement from any such
person prior to, or at the same time of, that person undertaking its
role and/or employment or association with Franchisee or the Franchised
Business. Franchisee's spouse or significant other shall also be bound
by the same requirement and shall sign the same Confidentiality and
Restrictive Covenant Agreement. Franchisee must provide Franchisor with
a copy of each signed Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement
within ten (10) days of Franchisor's request. If Franchisee is not able
to provide a signed form for any Restricted Person within that 10 day
period and Franchisee is not able to cure such a breach of its
obligations by having that Restricted Person sign and return the
Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement, then Franchisor
reserves the right to charge Franchisee a penalty fee amounting to
\$1,000 in addition to any other remedies that Franchisor may have under
this Agreement or applicable law.

        I.       Improvements. Franchisee agrees to disclose promptly to Franchisor any and all
                 inventions, discoveries, and improvements, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, that
                 are conceived or made by Franchisee or its employees or agents that are in any way related
                 to the establishment or operation of the Franchised Business (collectively, the
                 “Improvements”), all of which shall be automatically and without further action owned by
                 Franchisor without compensation to Franchisee (including all intellectual property rights
                 therein). Whenever requested to do so by Franchisor, Franchisee will execute any and all
                 applications, assignments, or other instruments that Franchisor may deem necessary to
                 apply for and obtain intellectual property protection or to otherwise protect Franchisor’s
                 interest therein. These obligations shall continue beyond the termination or expiration of
                 this Agreement. If a court should determine that Franchisor cannot automatically own
                 certain of the Improvements that may be developed, then Franchisee hereby agrees to grant
                 Franchisor a perpetual, royalty-free worldwide license to use and sublicense others to use
                 such Improvements.

9.   ADVERTISING

         A.       Advertising and Sales Promotion Programs. Franchisor may from time to time develop
                  and create advertising and sales promotion programs designed to promote and enhance the
                  collective success of all or some of the Franchised Businesses operating under the System.
                  Franchisee must participate in all such advertising and sales promotion programs in
                  accordance with the terms and conditions established by Franchisor for each program. In
                  all    aspects    of      these    programs,     including    without    limitation,    the
                  type/quantity/timing/placement and choice of media, and market areas and advertising
                  agencies, the System standards and specifications established by Franchisor shall be final
                  and binding upon Franchisee. Franchisor may also request that Franchisee purchase and/or
                  make copies of (and Franchisee’s expense) and subsequently use certain other advertising
                  or promotional materials that Franchisor designates for use in connection with the
                  Franchised Business. Franchisee shall participate in all local, regional, and national
                  partnership programs established by Franchisor, and Franchisee shall bear the cost of
                  applying for and participating in such partnership programs. Currently, Franchisor requires
                  Franchisee to participate in its national partnership program with Lowe’s, which
                  Franchisee must pay approximately two thousand and five hundred dollars ($2,500.00) to

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 33  participate in. As part
    of the Lowe's partnership program, Franchisee shall pay Lowe's the
    commissions set forth by Lowe's for jobs that Franchisee obtains
    from Lowe's.

         B.       Approval for all Advertising/Promotional Materials. All advertising and promotion by
                  Franchisee in any medium must be conducted in a professional manner and shall conform
                  to Franchisor’s standards and requirements as set forth in the Manuals or otherwise.
                  Franchisee shall obtain Franchisor’s approval of all advertising and promotional plans and
                  materials twenty (20) days prior to use if such plans and materials have not been prepared
                  by Franchisor or previously approved by Franchisor during the twelve (12) months prior
                  to their proposed use. Franchisee must submit unapproved plans and materials to
                  Franchisor, and Franchisor will have fifteen (15) days to notify Franchisee of its approval
                  or disapproval of such materials. If Franchisor does not provide its specific approval of the
                  proposed materials within this fifteen (15) day period, the proposed materials will be
                  deemed rejected. Any plans and materials that Franchisee submits to Franchisor for its
                  review will become Franchisor’s property and there will be no restriction on Franchisor’s
                  use or dissemination of such materials. Once approved, Franchisee may use the proposed
                  materials for a period of ninety (90) days, unless Franchisor prescribes a different time
                  period for use or requires Franchisee to discontinue using the previously-approved
                  materials in writing. Franchisor may revoke its approval of any previously-approved
                  advertising materials upon notice to Franchisee. Franchisor reserves the right to require
                  Franchisee to include certain language on all advertising to be used locally by Franchisee
                  or to be used by a Cooperative, including, but not limited to, the phrase “Franchises
                  Available” and references to Franchisor’s telephone number and/or website.

         C.       Initial Marketing Investment. Franchisee must expend, and Franchisor will typically
                  collect all or a portion of the Initial Marketing Investment amounting between $15,000 and
                  $25,000 that will serve as the Initial Marketing Investment designed to promote the
                  Franchised Business within the Designated Territory utilizing Franchisor’s Approved
                  Suppliers and/or specified System standards, practices and methodologies for initial
                  marketing campaigns and efforts. Franchisor has the right to collect the Initial Marketing
                  Investment upon execution of this Agreement or any time thereafter upon written notice.

         D.       Local Advertising Requirement. Franchisee shall comply with the following
                  requirements in regard to local advertising:

                  1.       Franchisee must expend certain minimum amounts on advertising and promoting
                           the Franchised Business, based on the number of Designated Territories that
                           Franchisee purchases and the length of time the Franchised Business has been in
                           operation, within the Designated Territory(ies) in accordance with the
                           advertising/marketing plan that Franchisor approves (the “Local Advertising
                           Requirement”). Franchisee must annually spend the following amounts pursuant
                           to the Local Advertising Requirement:


                                      Annual Local Advertising Requirement

                                           One Designated      Two Designated     Three Designated
                        Period
                                             Territory           Territories        Territories

                First Year of Operation        $40,000             $40,000             $40,000
               Second Year of Operation        $46,000             $60,000             $64,000

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 34  Third Year of Operation
\$54,000 \$72,000 \$80,000 Fourth Year of Operation \$56,700 \$75,600
\$96,000 Fifth Year of Operation \$59,535 \$79,380 \$100,800 Sixth Year
of Operation \$62,511.75 \$83,349 \$105,840 Seventh Year of Operation
\$65,637.34 \$87,516.45 \$111,132 Eighth Year of Operation \$68,919.20
\$91,892.27 \$116,688.60 Ninth Year of Operation \$72,365.16 \$96,486.89
\$122,523.03 Tenth Year of Operation \$75,983.42 \$101,311.23
\$128,649.18

                 2.       Franchisor reserves the right to require Franchisee to expend any portion of the
                          Local Advertising Requirement on (a) products or services Franchisor directs or
                          approves, or (b) services that Franchisee must acquire from an Approved Supplier
                          (which currently includes Franchisor).

                 3.       Franchisor may require that Franchisee expend any portion of the Local
                          Advertising Requirement on services, content and other products/items that must
                          be purchased from one (1) or more Approved Suppliers, and (ii) collect your Local
                          Advertising Requirement and pay such Approved Supplier directly as part of its
                          support services and control rights described hereunder.

                 4.       At Franchisor’s option, Franchisee must ensure that: (i) the Franchised Business
                          has a dedicated phone line for use in connection with the Franchised Business only;
                          and (ii) the Franchised Business is listed in the appropriate Internet-based
                          directories and Chamber(s) of Commerce that Franchisor designates. Franchisee
                          shall obtain at least three (3) telephone numbers solely dedicated to the Franchised
                          Business, which Franchisee shall assign to Franchisor, at Franchisor’s option, upon
                          termination, expiration, or transfer of this Agreement. Franchisee must list and
                          advertise the telephone number(s) for the Franchised Business in the “White
                          pages” telephone director and the classified or “yellow pages” telephone directory
                          distributed in its trade area and under such categories as Franchisor may specify
                          from time to time. Franchisee must place the classified directory advertisement and
                          listings together with other Spray-Net Businesses operating within the distribution
                          area of the directory. If a joint listing is obtained, all Spray-Net Businesses listed
                          together shall pay a pro rata share of the cost of all advertisements and listings.

                 5.       Furthermore, Franchisee shall obtain listings and/or advertise with Franchisor and
                          other franchisees of the System on electronic yellow pages directory and other
                          online directors as Franchisor may designate, including Google Local, Google
                          Business, Angie’s List or similar online directory. In the event Franchisee does not
                          comply with Franchisor’s requests regarding such online listings or advertisement,
                          Franchisor reserves the right to place, modify, or remove such listings and
                          advertisements on behalf of Franchisee. For any listings or advertisements that
                          Franchisor posts on behalf of Franchisee due to Franchisee’s non-compliance
                          under this Section, Franchisee shall promptly pay, upon demand by Franchisor, its
                          pro rata share of the costs of such listings or advertisements. Upon termination,
                          transfer, or expiration of this Agreement, Franchisee agrees to take any and all
                          steps necessary to assist Franchisor in removing or assigning control of all listing
                          under this Section to Franchisor.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 35  6. Franchisee may not
advertise and promote the Franchised Business outside of the Designated
Territory(ies), unless (a) the geographic area where Franchisee wishes
to advertise is contiguous to the Designated Territory(ies) and that
area has not been granted in connection with any other Franchised
Business, or (b) Franchisor otherwise provides its prior written consent
in writing. Nothing in this Section shall prevent or otherwise affect
Franchisee's right to continue servicing and corresponding with any
Existing Account that Franchisee has assumed in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement.

                 7.       Franchisee shall spend at least seventy-five percent (75%) of its applicable Local
                          Advertising Requirement, which is based on the number of Designated Territories
                          Franchisee has purchased and the length of time the Franchised Business has been
                          in operation, on monthly digital marketing services (the “Digital Marketing
                          Spend”). Franchisee shall pay Franchisor the Digital Marketing Spend on the first
                          of each month, and Franchisor may provide the applicable digital marketing
                          services or engage a supplier to provide such services. For avoidance of doubt,
                          Franchisee’s annual minimum Digital Marketing Spend is stated in the following
                          chart. Franchisee must spend at least the applicable Digital Marketing Spend
                          amount divided by twelve (12) each month:


                                         Annual Digital Marketing Spend

                                           One Designated      Two Designated      Three Designated
                       Period
                                             Territory           Territories         Territories

               First Year of Operation        $30,000              $30,000              $30,000
              Second Year of Operation        $34,500              $45,000              $48,000
              Third Year of Operation         $40,500              $54,000              $60,000
              Fourth Year of Operation        $42,525              $56,700              $72,000
               Fifth Year of Operation        $44,651              $59,535              $75,600
               Sixth Year of Operation        $46,884              $62,512              $79,380
             Seventh Year of Operation        $49,228              $65,637              $83,349
              Eighth Year of Operation        $51,689              $68,919              $87,516
              Ninth Year of Operation         $54,274              $72,365              $91,892
              Tenth Year of Operation         $56,988              $75,983              $96,487

                 8.       Franchisee shall pay Franchisor Franchisor’s then-current monthly Production Fee
                          each month. Franchisee shall pay Franchisor the Production Fee on the first of each
                          month. Franchisor may increase or decrease the Production Fee upon thirty (30)
                          days’ notice as Franchisor’s costs for the related services increase or decrease
                          subject to the following maximum amounts:

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 36  Maximum Production Fee (on
an annual basis)

                                             One Designated   Two Designated   Three Designated
                       Period
                                               Territory        Territories      Territories

               First Year of Operation           $6,300           $8,400             $9,660
              Second Year of Operation           $9,000          $12,000            $13,800
              Third Year of Operation            $9,000          $12,000            $13,800
              Fourth Year of Operation           $9,000          $12,000            $13,800
               Fifth Year of Operation           $9,000          $12,000            $13,800
               Sixth Year of Operation           $9,000          $12,000            $13,800
             Seventh Year of Operation           $9,000          $12,000            $13,800
              Eighth Year of Operation           $9,000          $12,000            $13,800
              Ninth Year of Operation            $9,000          $12,000            $13,800
              Tenth Year of Operation            $9,000          $12,000            $13,800



        E.       Brand Development Fund. Franchisor has established a brand development Fund (the
                 “Fund”) designed to promote the System, Proprietary Marks and the brand generally, and
                 Franchisee shall contribute to the Fund (Franchisee’s “Fund Contribution”). Franchisee
                 shall contribute, on the first day of each month, a Fund Contribution equal to two percent
                 (2%) of Franchisee’s Gross Sales from the prior month or the Minimum Fund Contribution
                 reflected in the chart below, whichever is greater. Franchisee’s Minimum Fund
                 Contribution is based on the number of Designated Territories that Franchisee has
                 purchased and the length of time the Franchised Business has been in operation.
                 Franchisee’s monthly Minimum Fund Contribution is equal to the applicable amount for
                 “Annual Minimum Fund Contribution” in the below chart divided by twelve (12). All
                 payments by Franchisee to the Fund shall be made in accordance with the terms of
                 Franchisor’s Payment Program and are non-refundable upon payment, and Franchisor will
                 account separately for all sums paid to the Fund.


                                         Annual Minimum Fund Contribution

                                             One Designated   Two Designated   Three Designated
                       Period
                                               Territory        Territories      Territories
                                                                 $10,500            $11,250
               First Year of Operation           $9,000
                                                $12,938          $14,250            $17,250
              Second Year of Operation
                                                $15,188          $18,000            $21,750
              Third Year of Operation
                                                $15,947          $21,000            $24,000
              Fourth Year of Operation
                                                $16,744          $22,050            $25,800
               Fifth Year of Operation

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 37  \$17,581 \$23,153 \$27,735
Sixth Year of Operation \$18,461 \$24,310 \$29,815 Seventh Year of
Operation \$19,384 \$25,526 \$32,051 Eighth Year of Operation \$20,353
\$26,802 \$34,455 Ninth Year of Operation \$21,370 \$28,142 \$37,039
Tenth Year of Operation

                 The Fund will be maintained and administered by Franchisor or Franchisor’s designee as
                 follows:

                 1.       Franchisor will use the fund and all contributions to it and any earnings on it, for
                          preparing, directing, conducting, placing, and administering advertising,
                          marketing, public relations, and/or promotional programs and materials, and any
                          other activities, that Franchisor believes would enhance the image of the System,
                          Proprietary Marks, and Approved Products or Services.

                 2.       Franchisor is not obligated to spend monies from Fund in any particular
                          Franchisee’s market in proportion to the payments to the Fund made by the
                          Franchisee in that market. Franchisor does not represent that it will spend any
                          particular amount of advertising funds locally, regionally, or nationally.

                 3.       The Fund may be used to meet any and all costs of: maintaining, administering,
                          directing, and preparing advertising, including any and all digital
                          marketing/advertising content, as well as employing training, technology and/or
                          other developmental tools designed to enhance the System or that is otherwise
                          associated with training tools designed to assist owners. This includes, among
                          other things, direct mail advertising, marketing surveys and other public relations
                          activities, developing and maintaining the Franchisor’s Website, employing
                          advertising and public relations agencies, purchasing promotional items, providing
                          other marketing materials and services to the businesses operating under the
                          System, and any other activities that Franchisor determines appropriate to develop
                          the brand and/or System. These costs may include the proportionate salary share
                          of Franchisor’s employees that devote time and render services for advertising and
                          promotion or the administration of the Fund, including administrative costs,
                          salaries, and overhead expenses related to administering the Fund and its programs.
                          No part of the Fund shall be used by Franchisor to defray any of its general
                          operating expenses, other than those Franchisor allocates to the advertising
                          described in this Section or other activities reasonably related to the administration
                          or direction of the Fund.

                 4.       Franchisor may spend all Fund contributions during Franchisor’s fiscal year within
                          which such contributions are made; however, Franchisor has no obligation or duty
                          to do so. If excess amounts remain in any Fund at the end of such fiscal year, these
                          excess amounts will roll over into the Fund for the following fiscal year.

                 5.       Franchisor has the right to suspend or terminate the Fund at any time.

                 6.       An unaudited accounting of the operation of the Fund shall be prepared annually

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 38  and shall be available to
Franchisee upon written request after the unaudited accounting is
prepared at least 120 days after Franchisor's fiscal year end at issue.
Franchisor retains the right to have the Fund reviewed or audited and/or
reported on, at the expense of the Fund, by an independent certified
public accountant selected by Franchisor, but Franchisor is under no
obligation to do so.

                 7.      Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that the Fund is not a trust and the Franchisor
                         has no fiduciary duty to Franchisee in administering the Fund.

        F.       Franchise Advertising Council. Franchisor may establish, if and when it deems
                 appropriate in its sole discretion, a council to provide advice and guidance regarding the
                 administration of the Fund and various other advertising/marketing matters (a “Franchise
                 Advertising Council”). If Franchisor establishes a Franchise Advertising Counsel, it may
                 serve in only an advisory capacity and may consist of franchisees, personnel from
                 Franchisor’s affiliate-owned Franchised Businesses, or other management/employees that
                 Franchisor designates. If a Franchise Advertising Council is established, the membership
                 of such Franchise Advertising Council, along with the policies and procedures by which it
                 operates, will be determined by Franchisor. The recommendations of the Franchise
                 Advertising Council shall not be binding on Franchisor.

        G.       Website. Franchisor may establish an interior page on its corporate website to display the
                 Premises and contact information associated with the Franchised Business for so long as
                 (i) the Franchised Business is open and actively operating, and (ii) this Agreement is not
                 subject to termination. If Franchisor creates and includes any information about Franchisee
                 on a website, then Franchisor may require Franchisee to prepare all or a portion of the page,
                 at Franchisee’s expense, using a template that Franchisor provides. Franchisee may not
                 establish any separate website or other Internet presence in connection with the Franchised
                 Business, System or Proprietary Marks without Franchisor’s prior written consent. If
                 approved to establish a separate website, Franchisee shall comply with Franchisor’s
                 policies, standards and specifications with respect to the creation, maintenance and content
                 of any such website. Franchisee specifically acknowledges and agrees that any website
                 owned or maintained by or for the benefit of Franchisee shall be deemed “advertising”
                 under this Agreement, and will be subject to (among other things) Franchisor’s approval
                 as described in this Section 9. Franchisee may not promote or otherwise list its Franchised
                 Business, or the Proprietary Marks or System, on any social media or networking site,
                 including without limitation, Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter or
                 YouTube, without Franchisor’s prior written consent. Franchisor shall have the right to
                 modify the provisions of this Section relating to Franchisee’s use of separate websites and
                 social media, as Franchisor determines necessary or appropriate. Franchisee must follow
                 Franchisor’s social media policies and directives as set forth in the Manuals, including the
                 Policy and Procedures Manual and/or Marketing Manual.

10. ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS

        A.       Maintenance of Records. Franchisee must, in a manner satisfactory to Franchisor and in
                 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, maintain original, full, and
                 complete register tapes, computer files, back-up files, other records, accounts, books, data,
                 licenses, contracts, and product vendor invoices which shall accurately reflect all
                 particulars relating to the Franchised Business, as well as other statistical and financial
                 information and records Franchisor may require. All of this information must be kept for
                 the duration of this Agreement and for a period of at least three (3) years thereafter. Upon

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 39  Franchisor's request,
    Franchisee must furnish Franchisor with copies of any or all product
    or equipment supply invoices reflecting purchases by or on behalf of
    the Franchised Business. In addition, Franchisee shall compile and
    provide to Franchisor any statistical or financial information
    regarding the operation of the Franchised Business, the products and
    services sold by it, or data of a similar nature, including without
    limitation, any financial data that Franchisor believes that it
    needs to compile or disclose in connection with the sale of
    franchises or that Franchisor may elect to disclose in connection
    with the sale of franchises. All data provided to the Franchisor
    under this Section 10 shall belong to Franchisor and may be used and
    published by Franchisor in connection with the System (including in
    Franchisor's disclosure documents). If Franchisee fails to input all
    prospects, clients, sales appointments and visits, jobs, sales, etc.
    into their business management software, then Franchisee will be
    charged a fee of \$500 per infraction. Franchisee must purchase and
    use the accounting and bookkeeping software that Franchisor
    designates, which Franchisor may change from time to time, including
    paying any initial fees and ongoing monthly fees for these services.
    Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with administrative-level access
    (or an equivalent level of access) to Franchisee's accounting and/or
    bookkeeping software, and Franchisor shall be permitted to access
    all of Franchisee's accounting and bookkeeping records at all times.

        B.       Examination and Audit of Records. Franchisor and its designated agents shall have the
                 right to examine and audit Franchisee’s records, accounts, books, computer files and data,
                 including the any proprietary software used in connection with the System, at all reasonable
                 times to ensure that Franchisee is complying with the terms of this Agreement. If such audit
                 discloses that Franchisee has underreported the Gross Sales of the Franchised Business (or
                 any amount due to Franchisor) in any given reporting period (weekly, monthly or
                 otherwise), then Franchisee must: (i) reimburse Franchisor any costs/expenses incurred in
                 connection with conducting the inspection and audit; and (ii) immediately pay any amount
                 due and owing Franchisor as a result of Franchisee’s underreporting, along with any
                 accrued interest on said amounts.

        C.       Computer System for Records. Franchisee shall record all transactions of the Franchised
                 Business on a Computer System designated or approved by Franchisor, which must contain
                 software that allows Franchisee to record accumulated sales without turning back, resetting
                 or erasing such sales. Franchisor will, at all times and without notice to Franchisee, have
                 the right to independently and remotely access and view Franchisee’s Computer System as
                 described in Section 4(C) of this Agreement. Franchisor shall at all times have
                 administrative rights to Franchisee’s accounting software (i.e., QuickBooks, etc.).

        D.       Computer System Files and Passwords. Franchisee shall not install or load any computer
                 software on the hard disks of the Computer System used in connection with the Franchised
                 Business without Franchisor’s prior written consent. All computer and file passwords
                 associated with the Computer System must be supplied as a list to Franchisor by
                 Franchisee, along with any modifications or changes to that list. The passwords to access
                 the Computer System located at the Premises or used by the Franchised Business, as well
                 as all computer files and records related to the Franchised Business, are the exclusive
                 property of Franchisor and Franchisee must provide Franchisor with these files and
                 information upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement. Consistent with the other
                 provisions of this Agreement, Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that Franchisor may
                 have automatic access to Franchisee’s specific passwords/keys/logins through the
                 Computer System components and related software that Franchisor requires Franchisee to
                 use in connection with the Franchised Business.

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 40  E. Current Contracts,
    Listings and Projects. At any time and upon request of Franchisor,
    Franchisee shall provide Franchisor with a copy or summary listing,
    at Franchisor's discretion, of all current contracts, listings,
    agreements, and projects related to Clients and/or properties that
    Franchisee is involved in or working with.

        F.       Tax Returns. Within the first three months of each year, and at any other time Franchisor
                 shall request, Franchisee shall furnish the Franchisor with a copy of each of its reports,
                 returns of sales, use and gross receipt taxes, and complete copies of any state or federal
                 income tax returns covering the operation of the Franchised Business, all of which
                 Franchisee shall certify as true and correct.

        G.       Right to Require Audit if Franchisee Underreports. In the event a prior audit or
                 inspection conducted by Franchisor (or its designee) has revealed that Franchisee has
                 underreporting the Gross Sales of the Franchised Business by two percent (2%) or more
                 for any reporting period as described in Section 10(B), then Franchisor may require
                 Franchisee to provide, at the Franchisee’s expense, audited financial statements that
                 comply with GAAP and GAAS for Franchisee’s fiscal year within 120 days of Franchisee’s
                 fiscal year end.

        H.       Change to Ownership of Franchisee. In addition to the foregoing statements, Franchisee
                 must provide Franchisor with written reports regarding any authorized change to: (i) the
                 listing of all owners and other holders of any type of interest (legal or beneficial) in
                 Franchisee or the Franchised Business; and (ii) Franchisee’s partners, officers, directors,
                 as well as any of the Designated Manager(s) that manage the day-to-day operations of the
                 Franchised Business. Franchisee will notify Franchisor in writing within ten (10) days after
                 any such change, unless Franchisor is required to first notify Franchisor and obtain its
                 approval prior to making any such change.

11. INSURANCE

        A.       Required Insurance. Franchisee shall, at its own expense and no later than the earlier of
                 (a) the date on which Franchisee uses any of the Proprietary Marks, or (b) the date
                 Franchisee begins building out the Premises, procure and maintain in full force and effect
                 throughout the term of this Agreement the types of insurance enumerated in the Manuals
                 or otherwise in writing (whether the Franchised Business is open or not). This insurance
                 shall be in such amounts Franchisor or the lessor of the Premises designates from time to
                 time, with Franchisor having the right to designate such insurance coverage updates in the
                 Manuals at any time upon written notice. In addition to any other insurance that may be
                 required by applicable law, or by lender or lessor, Franchisee shall procure:

                 1. Commercial general liability insurance, including personal injury, completed
                    operations, contractual liability, and products liability, in an amount of not less than
                    Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) per occurrence for bodily injury and not less than
                    Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) per occurrence for property damage, and naming
                    Franchisor as an additional insured in each such policy or policies;

                 2. Fire, vandalism, and extended coverage insurance with primary and excess limits of
                    not less than the full replacement value of the premises of the Franchised Business and
                    its furniture, fixtures, and equipment;

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 41  3. Auto insurance for any
Approved Vehicle used in connection with operating the Franchised
Business, including Franchisee-owned vehicles, and non-Franchisee- owned
vehicles, which will include liability coverage in the minimum amount of
Two Million Dollars (\$2,000,000) per year, as well as commercial auto
insurance for Franchisee-owned vehicles, which will include collision
and comprehensive coverage as well as liability coverage in the minimum
amount of \$250,000 per person and \$500,000 per accident per year, or
the minimum required by state regulations, whichever is greater;

                 4. Employer’s liability, workers’ compensation insurance and such other insurance as
                    may be required by statute or rule of the state or locality in which the Franchised
                    Business is located and operated;

                 5. Business interruption insurance in the amounts and with terms acceptable to
                    Franchisor; and

                 6. Such insurance as necessary to provide coverage under the indemnity provisions set
                    forth in this Section 11.

                 Franchisee must buy insurance only from carriers rated A-VIII or better by A.M. Best and
                 Company, Inc. (or similar criteria as Franchisor periodically specifies), unless Franchisor
                 designates specific carriers from which Franchisee must purchase coverage (in which case
                 Franchisee may only purchase from the designated carrier(s)). Franchisor may periodically
                 increase the amounts of coverage required under these insurance policies and/or require
                 different or additional insurance coverage to reflect inflation, identification of new risks,
                 changes in law or standards of liability, higher damage awards, changing economic
                 conditions, or other relevant changes in circumstances. All insurance policies Franchisee
                 purchases must name Franchisor and any affiliate Franchisor designate as additional
                 insureds, and provide for thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Franchisor of a policy’s
                 material modification or cancellation. The cost of Franchisee’s premiums will depend on
                 the insurance carrier’s charges, terms of payment, and Franchisee’s insurance and payment
                 histories. Franchisee shall make timely delivery of certificates of all required insurance to
                 Franchisor, each of which shall contain a statement by the insurer that the policy will not
                 be cancelled or materially altered without at least thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to
                 Franchisor. The procurement and maintenance of such insurance shall not relieve
                 Franchisee of any liability to Franchisor under any indemnity requirement of this
                 Agreement.

        B.       General Contractor Insurance. In required by an applicable law where the Franchised
                 Business is authorized to operate, Franchisee shall cause the general contractor to maintain
                 with a reputable insurer comprehensive general liability insurance (with comprehensive
                 automobile liability coverage for vehicles, builder’s risk, private liability, and independent
                 contractors coverage) in at least the amount of Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000), with
                 Franchisor named as an additional insured, and workers’ compensation and employer’s
                 liability insurance as may be required by law.

        C.       Failure to Procure and Maintain Insurance. If Franchisee fails for any reason to procure
                 and maintain the required insurance coverage, Franchisor has the right and authority
                 (without having any obligation to do so) to immediately procure such insurance coverage,
                 in which case Franchisee must: (i) reimburse Franchisor for the costs incurred to obtain the
                 required insurance (including any premium amounts paid); and (ii) pay Franchisor its then-

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 42  current administrative fee,
as may be reasonably charged by Franchisor as consideration for securing
the required insurance on Franchisee's behalf.

12. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AND INDEMNIFICATION

        A.       No Fiduciary Relationship. In all dealings with third parties, including without limitation,
                 employees, suppliers, and customers, Franchisee shall disclose in an appropriate manner
                 acceptable to Franchisor that it is an independent entity licensed by Franchisor. Nothing in
                 this Agreement is intended by the parties hereto either to create a fiduciary relationship
                 between them or to constitute the Franchisee an agent, legal representative, subsidiary, joint
                 venture, partner, employee, or servant of Franchisor for any purpose whatsoever.

        B.       Independent Contractor Relationship. It is understood and agreed that Franchisee is an
                 independent contractor and is in no way authorized to make any contract, agreement,
                 warranty, or representation or to create any obligation on behalf of Franchisor. Upon
                 Franchisor’s request, Franchisee must display a sign in its Franchised Business displaying
                 the following phrase (or something similar): “This Franchised Business is independently
                 owned and operated under a license agreement.”

        C.       Indemnification.

                 1.      Franchisee, as a material part of the consideration to be rendered to Franchisor,
                         agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Franchisor, as well as Franchisor’s directors,
                         officers, principals/owners, managers, shareholders, affiliates (including any
                         affiliate supplier), subsidiaries, employees, servants, agents, successors and
                         assignees (collectively, the “Indemnitees”), harmless from and against any and all
                         losses, damage, claims, demands, liabilities and causes of actions of every kind or
                         character and nature, as well as costs and expenses incident thereto (including
                         reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs), that are brought against any of the
                         Indemnitees (collectively, the “Claims”) that arise out of or are otherwise related
                         to Franchisee’s (a) breach or attempted breach of, or misrepresentation under, this
                         Agreement, and/or (b) ownership, construction, development, management, or
                         operation of the Franchised Business in any manner. Notwithstanding the
                         foregoing, at Franchisor’s option, Franchisor may choose to engage counsel and
                         defend against any such Claim and may require immediate reimbursement from
                         the Franchisee of all expenses and fees incurred in connection with such defense.
                         This indemnity will continue in full force and effect subsequent to and
                         notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

                 2.      Franchisee will be solely responsible for storing and preparing the Proprietary
                         Products for use in connection with providing the Approved Services once those
                         products are delivered to Franchisee. Franchisor will not be responsible or liable
                         in connection with any claims involving how the Proprietary Products are prepared
                         and/or used by Franchisee once they are delivered to Franchisee. Franchisee must
                         indemnify and hold Franchisor (and/or its designated supplier) harmless in
                         connection with any third-party claims or damages arising out of or related to
                         claims involving how the Proprietary Products are prepared and/or used by
                         Franchisee once they are delivered to Franchisee.

13. TRANSFER AND ASSIGNMENT

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 43  A. No Transfer by
Franchisee Without Franchisor's Approval. Franchisee's rights under this
Agreement are personal, and Franchisee shall not sell, transfer, assign
or encumber Franchisee's interest in this Agreement or the Franchised
Business (or undertake any of the actions identified in Section 13(C) of
this Agreement) without Franchisor's prior written consent. Any sale,
transfer, assignment or encumbrance made without Franchisor's prior
written consent shall be voidable at Franchisor's option and shall
subject this Agreement to termination as specified herein.

        B.       Death or Disability.

                 1.      In the event of Franchisee’s death, disability or incapacitation (or the death,
                         disability or incapacitation of Franchisee’s principals/owners/guarantors),
                         Franchisee’s legal representative, or Franchisee’s partner’s or guarantor's
                         respective legal representative, as applicable, will have the right to continue the
                         operation of the Franchised Business as “Franchisee” under this Agreement if: (i)
                         within one hundred and eighty (180) days from the date of death, disability or
                         incapacity (the “180 Day Period”), such person has obtained Franchisor’s prior
                         written approval and has executed Franchisor’s then-current franchise agreement
                         for the unexpired term of the franchise, or has furnished a personal guaranty of any
                         partnership, corporate or limited liability company Franchisee’s obligations to
                         Franchisor and Franchisor’s affiliates; and (ii) such person successfully completes
                         Franchisor’s training program (which Franchisor will provide at Franchisor’s then-
                         current tuition rate). Such assignment by operation of law will not be deemed in
                         violation of this Agreement, provided such heirs or legatees accept the conditions
                         imposed by the Franchise Agreement and are acceptable to Franchisor.

                 2.      Franchisor is under no obligation to operate the Franchised Business, or incur any
                         obligation on behalf of any incapacitated franchisee, during or after the 180 Day
                         Period. If necessary, Franchisee (or Franchisee’s legal representative, as
                         applicable) shall appoint a previously approved acting interim manager to operate
                         the Franchised Business during the 180 Day Period. In the event of Franchisee’s
                         death, disability, absence or otherwise, Franchisor may (but is not required to)
                         operate the Franchised Business on Franchisee’s behalf and at Franchisee’s
                         expense for such period of time (and under such terms and conditions) as
                         Franchisor determines, including paying out the assets and/or revenues of the
                         Franchised Business to cover any or all past, current and/or future obligations of
                         the Franchised Business (including any amounts owed to Franchisor and/or any
                         affiliate) in such priorities as Franchisor determines in Franchisor’s sole discretion.
                         Franchisor may pay itself a reasonable amount to reimburse Franchisor for
                         Franchisor’s management services and other costs. Franchisor may obtain approval
                         of a court or arbitrator for any such arrangements, the attorney’s fees and other
                         costs incurred in connection with obtaining such approval to be charged against
                         the assets and/or revenues of the Franchised Business. Franchisee (and/or
                         Franchisee’s estate) will indemnify Franchisor against any costs and/or liabilities
                         incurred by it in connection with, or related in any way to, the operation (or
                         otherwise) of the Franchised Business.

                 3.      Franchisor will not collect any transfer fee if there is a transfer under this Section
                         13(B) to an immediate family member of the Franchisee that Franchisor approves
                         under this Section 13(E).

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 44  C. Ownership. In addition
to those acts described in Section 13(A), a transfer or assignment
requiring Franchisor's prior written consent shall be deemed to occur:
(i) if Franchisee is a corporation, upon any assignment, sale, pledge or
transfer of any fractional portion of Franchisee's ownership
shares/stock or any increase in the number of outstanding shares/stock
of Franchisee's ownership/membership units that results in a change of
ownership; (ii) if Franchisee is a partnership, upon the assignment,
sale, pledge or transfer of any fractional partnership ownership
interest; or (iii) if Franchisee is a limited liability company, upon
the assignment, sale, pledge or transfer of any interest in the limited
liability company. Any new partner, shareholder, or member or manager
owning having an ownership interest in the surviving entity after the
proposed transfer will be required to personally guarantee Franchisee's
obligations under this Agreement. A transfer under (i) and (iii) above
shall not be subject to Franchisor's right of first refusal as set forth
in Section 13(D) so long as there is no change in control (ownership or
otherwise) with respect to Franchisee.

        D.       Right of First Refusal. If (a) Franchisee proposes to transfer any of its interest in this
                 Agreement or the Franchised Business or any interest in its lease for the Premises, or (b)
                 Franchisee’s owners propose to transfer any interest in Franchisee if Franchisee is an entity
                 (other than a corporation or limited liability company as set forth in Section 13(C) hereof
                 or in the event of Franchisee’s death/disability as set forth in Section 13(B)), then
                 Franchisee shall first offer to sell such interest to Franchisor on the same terms and
                 conditions as offered by such third party. Franchisee shall obtain from the third party and
                 provide Franchisor a statement in writing, signed by the third party and Franchisee, of the
                 terms of the offer (“Letter of Intent”). If Franchisor elects not to accept the offer within a
                 thirty (30) day period, Franchisee shall have a period not to exceed sixty (60) days to
                 complete the transfer described in the Letter of Intent subject to the conditions for approval
                 set forth in Section 13(E) of this Agreement. Franchisee shall effect no other sale or transfer
                 as contemplated under the Letter of Intent without first complying with this Section. Any
                 material change in the terms of the offer will be deemed a new proposal subject to
                 Franchisor’s right of first refusal. So long as Franchisee has obtained Franchisor’s prior
                 written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, a transfer to an existing partner
                 or shareholder, or a transfer as a result of the death, disability or incapacitation of a
                 shareholder or partner, in accordance with the provisions set forth below, is not subject to
                 Franchisor’s first right of refusal.

        E.       Conditions for Approval. Franchisor may condition Franchisor’s approval of any
                 proposed sale or transfer of the Franchised Business or of Franchisee’s interest in this
                 Agreement or any other acts of transfer described in Section 13(C) upon satisfaction of the
                 following occurrences:

                 1.      All of Franchisee’s accrued monetary obligations to Franchisor, Franchisor’s
                         affiliates, and Franchisor’s designated/approved suppliers and vendors, are
                         satisfied;

                 2.      Franchisee must cure all existing defaults under this Agreement, or any other
                         agreement between Franchisee and Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates,
                         Franchisor’s designated/approved suppliers and vendors, within the period
                         permitted for cure and have substantially complied with such agreements during
                         their respective terms;

                 3.      Franchisee and Franchisee’s principals (if Franchisee is a partnership, corporation

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 45  or limited liability
company), and the transferee (if it has had any previous relationship
with Franchisor or Franchisor's affiliates), must execute a general
release under seal, in a form satisfactory to Franchisor, of any and all
claims against Franchisor and Franchisor's affiliates and officers,
directors, shareholders and employees, in their corporate and individual
capacities;

                 4.    Franchisee or transferee shall provide Franchisor a copy of the executed purchase
                       agreement relating to the proposed transfer with all supporting documents and
                       schedules, including transferee's assumption of an agreement to faithfully perform
                       all of Franchisee’s obligations under this Agreement;

                 5.    The transferee shall demonstrate to Franchisor’s satisfaction that he or she meets
                       Franchisor’s educational, managerial and business standards; possesses a good
                       moral character, business reputation and credit rating; has the aptitude and ability
                       to conduct the business to be transferred; and has adequate financial resources and
                       capital to meet the performance obligations under this Agreement; however,
                       transferee shall not be in the same business as Franchisor either as licensor,
                       franchisor, independent operator or licensee of any other business or chain which
                       is similar in nature or in competition with Franchisor, except that the transferee
                       may be an existing franchisee of ours;

                 6.    The transferee shall execute Franchisor’s then-current franchise agreement (which
                       may contain materially different terms than this Agreement) for the remaining
                       balance of Franchisee’s term under this Agreement, with transferee’s term
                       commencing on the date the transferee executes the then-current franchise
                       agreement;

                 7.    Franchisee or transferee shall pay Franchisor a transfer fee equal to Ten Thousand
                       Dollars ($10,000), except in the case of (i) a transfer to a corporation formed for
                       the convenience of ownership, or (ii) for approved intra-family transfers or for a
                       transfer which arises upon death or mental incompetency;

                 8.    If applicable, Franchisee will reimburse Franchisor for any and all costs of
                       brokerage commissions, finder’s fees, or similar charges before the Transfer
                       occurs;

                 9.    The transferee shall satisfactorily complete Franchisor’s Initial Training Program
                       within the time frame Franchisor sets forth without paying an additional tuition
                       fee, but the transferee will be responsible for all costs and expenses associated with
                       attending the Initial Training Program;

                 10.   Franchisee (and Franchisee’s principals/guarantors if Franchisee is a partnership,
                       corporation or limited liability company) must comply with the post-termination
                       provisions of this Agreement;

                 11.   The transferee must demonstrate that is has obtained or maintained, within the time
                       limits set by Franchisor, all permits and licenses required for the continued
                       operation of the Franchised Business;

                 12.   To the extent required by the terms of any leases or other agreements, the lessors
                       or other parties must have consented to the proposed transfer;

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 46  13. The transfer must be
made in compliance with any laws that apply to the transfer, including
state and federal laws governing the offer and sale of franchises;

                 Franchisor will not unreasonably withhold its consent to a proposed transfer or
                 assignment requested by Franchisee, provided the foregoing conditions are met.
                 Franchisor’s approval
                 of a transfer shall not operate as a release of any liability of the transferring party nor shall
                 such approval constitute a waiver of any claims Franchisor may have against the
                 transferring party. Furthermore, Franchisor agrees that Franchisee will not be required to
                 pay any transfer fee in the event: (i) Franchisee wishes to transfer its rights under the
                 Franchise Agreement to a newly-established legal business entity that is wholly owned by
                 Franchisee and established solely for purposes of operating the Franchised Business under
                 the Franchise Agreement; or (ii) Franchisee is required to encumber certain assets of the
                 Franchised Business (or subordinate Franchisor’s security interest thereto) in order to
                 receive SBA or other traditional bank financing, provided Franchisor otherwise approves
                 of the transfer.

        F.       Transfer from an Individual Franchisee to Business Entity. If Franchisee is an
                 individual and desires to assign its rights under this Agreement to a corporation or limited
                 liability company, and if all of the following conditions are met, Franchisor will consent to
                 the transfer without assessing the transfer fee or training tuition fees set forth in Section
                 13(E)(7)-(8), and such assignment will not be subject to Franchisor’s right of first refusal
                 in Section 13(D): (i) the corporation or limited liability company is newly organized and
                 its activities are confined to operating the Franchised Business; (ii) the entity at issue is
                 wholly owned by Franchisee (and no other party); (iii) the corporation or limited liability
                 company agrees in writing to assume all of Franchisee’s obligations hereunder; and (iv) all
                 stockholders of the corporation, or members and managers of the limited liability company,
                 as applicable, personally guarantee prompt payment and performance by the corporation
                 or limited liability company of all its obligations to Franchisor and Franchisor’s affiliates,
                 under this Agreement and any other agreement between Franchisee and Franchisor and/or
                 Franchisor’s affiliates, and execute the Personal Guaranty attached to this Agreement as
                 Exhibit B.

        G.       Franchisor’s Right to Transfer. Franchisor has the right to sell, transfer, assign and/or
                 encumber all or any part of Franchisor’s assets and Franchisor’s interest in, and rights and
                 obligations under, this Agreement in Franchisor’s sole discretion.

14. COVENANTS

Franchisee acknowledges that, as a participant in Franchisor's System,
Franchisee will receive proprietary and confidential information and
materials, trade secrets, and the unique methods, procedures and
techniques that Franchisor has developed. As such, Franchisee agrees to
the covenants in this Section to protect Franchisor, the System,
Proprietary Marks and Franchisor's other franchisees.

        A.       During the Term of this Agreement. During the term of this Agreement, neither
                 Franchisee, its principals, owners, guarantors or Designated Manager(s), nor any
                 immediate family of Franchisee, its principals, owners, guarantors or Designated
                 Manager(s), may, directly or indirectly, for themselves or through, on behalf of, or in
                 conjunction with any other person, partnership or corporation:

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 47  1. Own, maintain, engage
in, be employed or serve as an officer, director, or principal of, lend
money or extend credit to, lease/sublease space to, or have any interest
in or involvement with, any other business that: (i) offers, provides or
sells products or services in connection with (a) the painting
(spray-painting or traditional),and/or coating of exterior covering of
doors, windows, roofs, and sidings of immovable structures including
homes and other buildings, and (b) any kind of the Approved Products,
Approved Services, and the Ancillary Services (as these terms are
defined in this Agreement and as may be modified by Franchisor from time
to time) that are offered or provided by the Franchised Business and/or
other Businesses (each, a "Competing Business"); or (ii) offers or
grants licenses or franchises, or establishes joint ventures, for the
ownership or operation of a Competing Business. For purposes of this
Agreement, a Competing Business does not include: (y) any business
operated by Franchisee under a Franchise Agreement with Franchisor; or
(z) any business operated by a publicly-traded entity in which
Franchisee owns less than two percent (2%) legal or beneficial interest;

                 2.     Subject to and as permitted by applicable law, employ or seek to employ any
                        person who is at that time employed by Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliates or any
                        other System franchisee, or otherwise directly or indirectly induce or seek to
                        induce such person to leave his or her employment thereat; or

                 3.     Divert, or attempt to divert, any prospective customer to a Competing Business in
                        any manner.

        B.       After the Term of this Agreement.

                1.      For a period of two (2) years after the expiration and nonrenewal, transfer or
                        termination of this Agreement, regardless of the cause, neither Franchisee, its
                        principals, owners and guarantors, nor any member of the immediate family of
                        Franchisee, its principals, owners or guarantors, may, directly or indirectly, for
                        themselves or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any other person,
                        partnership or corporation, be involved with any business that competes in whole
                        or in part with Franchisor by offering or granting licenses or franchises, or
                        establishing joint ventures, for the ownership or operation of a Competing
                        Business. The geographic scope of the covenant contained in this Section is any
                        location where Franchisor can demonstrate it has offered or sold franchises as of
                        the date this Agreement is terminated or expires.

                2.      For a period of two (2) years after the expiration and nonrenewal, transfer or
                        termination of this Agreement, regardless of the cause, neither Franchisee, its
                        principals, owners and guarantors, nor any member of the immediate family of
                        Franchisee, its principals, owners or guarantors, may, directly or indirectly, for
                        themselves or through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any other person,
                        partnership or corporation:

                        a. Own, maintain, engage in, be employed as an officer, director, or principal of,
                           lend money to, extend credit to, lease/sublease space to, or have any interest
                           in or involvement with any other Competing Business:
                                 i. within the Designated Territory;
                                ii. within a fifty (50) mile radius of the Designated Territory;
                               iii. within a fifty (50) mile radius of any Spray-Net franchised business

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 48  that is open and operating
as of the date this Agreement expires and/or is terminated; or iv.
within a fifty (50) mile radius of any other designated territory that
has been granted by Franchisor or its affiliates in connection with a
Spray- Net franchised business as of the date this Agreement expires
and/or is terminated, regardless of whether a Franchised Business is
open and operating in that designated territory; or

                         b. Subject to and as permitted by applicable law, solicit business from Clients of
                            Franchisee’s former Franchised Business or contact any of Franchisor’s
                            suppliers or vendors for any competitive business purpose, nor solicit any of
                            Franchisor’s other employees, or the employees of Franchisor’s affiliates or
                            any other System franchisee to discontinue employment.

        C.       Intent and Enforcement. It is the parties’ intent that the provisions of this Section 14 be
                 judicially enforced to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law. Accordingly, the
                 parties agree that any reduction in scope or modification of any part of the noncompetition
                 provisions contained herein shall not render any other part unenforceable. In the event of
                 the actual or threatened breach of this Section 14 by Franchisee, any of Franchisee’s
                 principals, or any member of the immediate family of Franchisee or Franchisee’s
                 principals, Franchisor shall be entitled to an injunction restraining such person from any
                 such actual or threatened breach. Franchisee acknowledges that the covenants contained
                 herein are necessary to protect the goodwill of the Franchised Business, other System
                 franchisees, and the System. Franchisee further acknowledges that covenants contained in
                 this Section 14 are necessary to protect Franchisor’s procedures and know-how transmitted
                 during the term of this Agreement. Franchisee agrees that in the event of the actual or
                 threatened breach of this Section 14, Franchisor’s harm will be irreparable and that
                 Franchisor has no adequate remedy at law to prevent such harm. Franchisee acknowledges
                 and agrees on Franchisee’s own behalf and on behalf of the persons who are liable under
                 this Section 14 that each has previously worked or been gainfully employed in other careers
                 and that the provisions of this Section 14 in no way prevent any such person from earning
                 a living. Franchisee further acknowledges and agrees that the time limitation on the
                 restrictive covenants set forth in Section 14(B) shall be tolled during any default under this
                 Section 14.

        D.       Confidentiality and Restrictive Covenant Agreement. Franchisee must ensure that all
                 management personnel of the Franchised Business, as well as any officers and directors of
                 Franchisee, execute Franchisor’s then-current form of Confidentiality and Restrictive
                 Covenant Agreement (which will be in substantially the same form as the document
                 attached to the Franchise Disclosure Document). Franchisee must furnish Franchisor a
                 copy of each executed agreement.

        E.       No Defense. Franchisee hereby agrees that the existence of any claim Franchisee may have
                 against Franchisor, whether or not arising from this Agreement, shall not constitute a
                 defense to Franchisor’s enforcement of the covenants contained in this Section 14.
                 Franchisee agrees to pay all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) that
                 Franchisor incurs in connection with the enforcement of this Section 14.

15. DEFAULT AND TERMINATION

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 49  Franchisor may terminate
this Agreement as described in this Section, and Franchisee agrees and
acknowledges that the defaults, or failure to cure such defaults within
the appropriate time period prescribed below (if any), shall constitute
"good cause" and "reasonable cause" for termination under any state
franchise laws or regulations that might apply to the operation of the
Franchised Business.

        A.       Automatic Termination. This Agreement will automatically terminate without notice or
                 an opportunity to cure upon the occurrence of any of the following:

                 1.     The Franchisee becomes insolvent or makes a general assignment for the benefit
                        of creditors, unless otherwise prohibited by law;

                 2.     A petition in bankruptcy is filed by Franchisee or such a petition is filed against
                        and consented to by Franchisee and not dismissed within thirty (30) days;

                 3.     A bill in equity or other proceeding for the appointment of a receiver of Franchisee
                        or other custodian in connection with the Franchisee or Franchised Business (or
                        assets of the Franchised Business) is filed and consented to by Franchisee;

                 4.     A receiver or other custodian (permanent or temporary) of Franchisee's assets or
                        property, or any part thereof, is appointed;

                 5.     A final judgment in excess of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) against
                        Franchisee remains unsatisfied or of record for sixty (60) days or longer (unless a
                        bond is filed or other steps are taken to effectively stay enforcement of such
                        judgment in the relevant jurisdiction), except that Franchisor may provide
                        Franchisee with additional time to satisfy the judgment if Franchisee demonstrates
                        that it is using commercially reasonable efforts to resolve the issues related to the
                        judgment; or

                 6.     Franchisee attempts to sell, transfer, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest
                        in Franchisee, this Agreement or the Franchised Business in violation of Section
                        13 hereof.

        B.       Termination upon Notice. Franchisor has the right to terminate this Agreement upon
                 written notice to Franchisee without providing Franchisee any opportunity to cure with
                 respect to any of the following breaches or defaults:

                 1.     If Franchisee or Franchisee’s owners/principals commit any fraud or
                        misrepresentation in the establishment or operation of the Franchised Business,
                        including without limitation, any misrepresentation made in Franchisee’s franchise
                        application;

                 2.     If Franchisee and any other required attendees fail to attend and complete the Initial
                        Training Program within the time period prescribed in this Agreement;

                 3.     If Franchisee receives from Franchisor three (3) or more notices to cure the same
                        or similar defaults or violations set forth in Section 15(C) of this Agreement during
                        any twelve (12) month period, whether or not these breaches were timely cured;

                 4.     If Franchisee or Franchisee’s owners/principals violate any of the in-term covenant

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 50  not to compete or any of
the other restrictive covenants set forth in Section 14 of this
Agreement;

                 5.    If Franchisee misuses the Proprietary Marks or Confidential Information in any
                       manner, or otherwise violates any provision of this Agreement related to the use
                       of the Proprietary Marks, Confidential Information and any other confidential
                       materials provided by Franchisor (including those provisions related to non-
                       disclosure of the Manuals and other confidential materials that Franchisor loans to
                       Franchisee);

                 6.    If Franchisee misuses the any proprietary software that Franchisor designates for
                       use in connection with the Franchised Business;

                 7.    If Franchisee or any of Franchisee’s principals default on any other agreement with
                       Franchisor or any affiliate or Approved Supplier of Franchisor, and such default is
                       not cured within the prescribed time period set forth in that other agreement;

                 8.    If Franchisee defaults under the lease for the Premises and does not cure within the
                       prescribed period of time thereunder, or if Franchisee otherwise loses its right to
                       possess and control the Premises to operate the Franchised Business at any time
                       during the term of this Agreement (except in cases of force majeure and cases
                       where Franchisor has previously approved Franchisee’s relocation request and
                       Franchisee timely relocates);

                 9.    If Franchisee fails to open and commence operations of the Franchised Business
                       within the time period prescribed in Section 6 of this Agreement;

                 10.   If Franchisee fails to cure any of the following violations under this Agreement
                       within ten (10) days of being notified by Franchisor: (i) failure to offer only those
                       Approved Products and Approved Services that Franchisor authorizes at the
                       Franchised Business; (ii) any purchase of any non-approved item or service for use
                       in connection with the Franchised Business; (iii) failure to purchase any Required
                       Item that Franchisor designates as necessary for the establishment or operation of
                       the Franchised Business from the appropriate Approved Supplier(s) that
                       Franchisor designates;

                 11.   If Franchisee voluntarily or otherwise abandons the Franchised Business. For
                       purposes of this Agreement, the term “abandon” means: (i) failure to actively
                       operate the Franchised Business for more than two (2) business days without
                       Franchisor’s prior written consent; or (ii) any other conduct on the part of
                       Franchisee or its principals that Franchisor determines indicates a desire or intent
                       to discontinue operating the Franchised Business in accordance with this
                       Agreement or the Manuals;

                 12.   If Franchisee fails to provide Franchisor with access, or otherwise blocks
                       Franchisor’s access, to Franchisee’s Computer System as required under this
                       Agreement, and fails to remedy this default within forty-eight (48) hours of being
                       notified by Franchisor;

                 13.   If Franchisee fails to pay Franchisor, its affiliates, any of its Approved Suppliers
                       or any Client any amount that is due and owing that party within ten (10) days of

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 51  the date that Franchisor
(or other party owed the money) notifies Franchisee of the outstanding
amount that is due and owed. Franchisor may suspend services to
Franchisee during any period of time where Franchisee has failed to
satisfy the amount that is due and owed;

                 14.     If Franchisee fails, for a period of ten (10) days after notification of non-
                         compliance, to provide the Approved Services using only the Proprietary Products
                         and other products Franchisor approves or if Franchisee fails to offer and Approved
                         Service or Approved Product Franchisor requires;

                 15.     If Franchisee provides Ancillary Services without approval from Franchisor and
                         after notification of non-compliance, fails to cease providing said Ancillary
                         Services within ten (10) days of notification;

                 16.     If Franchisee fails, for a period of fifteen (15) days after notification of non-
                         compliance by appropriate authority, to comply with any law or regulation
                         applicable to the operation of the Franchised Business;

                 17.     If Franchisee fails, for a period of ten (10) days after notification of non-
                         compliance, to obtain any other licenses, certificates, permits or approvals
                         necessary to operate the Franchised Business at the Premises;

                 18.     If Franchisee, any person controlling, controlled by, or under common control with
                         the Franchisee, any principal officer or employee of Franchisee, or any person
                         owning an interest in Franchise is convicted of a felony or any other crime or
                         offense (even if not a crime) that is reasonably likely in the reasonable opinion of
                         Franchisor to adversely affect the System, any System unit, the Proprietary Marks,
                         or the goodwill associated therewith;

                 19.     If Franchisee takes for Franchisee’s own personal use any assets or property of the
                         Franchised Business for any competitive or other commercial use;

                 20.     If there are insufficient funds in Franchisee’s Payment Account to cover a check
                         or payment due to Franchisor or its affiliates under this Agreement three (3) or
                         more times within any twelve (12) month period;

                 21.     If Franchisee commits repeated violations of any health, zoning, sanitation, or
                         other regulatory law, standard, or practice; operates the business in a manner that
                         presents a health or safety hazard to its employees or customers;

                 22.     If Franchisee fails to generate seventy percent (70%) of the Minimum Gross Sales
                         level for its then-current year; or

                 23.     If Franchisee, on three (3) or more occasions, fails to comply with the standards
                         and specifications set forth in the Manuals during any eighteen (18) month period,
                         whether or not these failures were timely cured.

        C.       Termination upon Notice and 30 Days’ Cure. Except for those defaults set forth in
                 Sections 15(A)-(B) of this Agreement, Franchisor may terminate this Agreement upon
                 notice to Franchisee in the event Franchisee: (i) breaches or violates any other covenant,
                 obligation, term, condition, warranty, or certification under this Agreement, including

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 52  Franchisee's failure to
comply with any of Franchisor's other System standards and
specifications in the operation of the Franchised Business as set forth
in the Manuals; and (ii) fails to cure such breach or violation within
thirty (30) days of the date Franchisee is provided with notice thereof
by Franchisor.

        D.       Loss of Designated Territory. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Franchisee is in default
                 of this Agreement under Section 6(Z), Franchisor may, in its sole discretion and as an
                 alternative to terminating this Agreement, elect to reduce the size of Franchisee’s
                 Designated Territory and own and operate, or license another to operate, additional Spray-
                 Net businesses in the Designated Territory. In the event Franchisor elects to reduce
                 Franchisee’s Designated Territory and/or terminate Franchisee’s exclusive rights therein,
                 Franchisor will provide Franchisee with written notice thereof. Upon receipt of such notice,
                 Franchisee will have ten (10) calendar days to execute an addendum to this Agreement
                 detailing the revised boundaries of the Designated Territory and/or termination of exclusive
                 rights therein. If Franchisee does not execute this Addendum with the prescribed time
                 period, then Franchisor may, at its option, immediate terminate this Agreement upon notice
                 to Franchisee.

        E.       Step-In Rights. In addition to Franchisor’s right to terminate this Agreement, and not in
                 lieu of such right or any other rights hereunder, if this Agreement is subject to termination
                 due to Franchisee’s failure to cure any default within the applicable time period (if any),
                 then Franchisor has the right, but not the obligations, to enter the Premises and exercise
                 complete authority with respect to the operation of the Franchised Business until such time
                 that Franchisor determines, in its reasonable discretion, that the default(s) at issue have
                 been cured and that Franchisee is otherwise in compliance with the terms of this
                 Agreement. In the event Franchisor exercises these “step-in rights,” Franchisee must (a)
                 pay Franchisor a management fee amounting to eight percent (8%) of the Gross Sales of
                 the Franchised Business during the time period that Franchisor’s representatives are
                 operating the Franchised Business (the “Management Fee”), and (b) reimburse Franchisor
                 for all reasonable costs and overhead that Franchisor incurs in connection with its operation
                 of the Franchised Business, including without limitation, costs of personnel supervising
                 and staffing the Franchised Business and any travel, lodging and meal expenses. If
                 Franchisor undertakes to operate the Franchised Business under this Section, Franchisee
                 must indemnify, defend and hold Franchisor (and its representatives and employees)
                 harmless from and against any Claims that may arise out of Franchisor’s operation of the
                 Franchised Business.

        F.       Non-Compliance Fee. In addition to Franchisor’s rights under this Section 15, Franchisee
                 must pay Franchisor (1) two-hundred and fifty dollars ($250) upon the first instance of
                 Franchisee’s default of this Agreement, (2) five hundred dollars ($500) upon the second
                 instance of Franchisee’s default of this Agreement, and (3) one thousand dollars ($1,000)
                 upon the third instance of Franchisee’s default of this Agreement.

16. POST-TERM OBLIGATIONS

        Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, Franchisee shall immediately:

        A.       Cease Ownership and Operation of Franchised Business; Cease Affiliate with
                 Franchisor and Brand Generally. Cease to be a franchise owner of Franchised Business
                 under this Agreement and cease to operate the former Franchised Business under the
                 System. If this Agreement is terminated for cause by Franchisor, then Franchisee shall not

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 53  thereafter directly or
    indirectly represent to the public that the former Franchised
    Business is or was operated or in any way connected with the System
    or hold itself out as a present or former franchise owner of an
    Franchised Business (unless Franchisor agrees otherwise in writing);

        B.       Return Manuals and Confidential Information. Return to Franchisor the Manuals and
                 all trade secrets, Confidential Information (including all Client lists and Approved Services
                 agreements) and other confidential materials, equipment, software and property owned by
                 Franchisor and all copies thereof. Franchisee shall retain no copy or record of any of the
                 foregoing; provided, however, that Franchisee may retain its copy of this Agreement, any
                 correspondence between the parties, and any other document which Franchisee reasonably
                 needs for compliance with any applicable provision of law;

        C.       Assignment of Approved Services Contracts, Telephone/Facsimile Numbers and
                 Domain Names. Take such action as may that Franchisor designates to: (i) provide and
                 assign to Franchisor the then-current and up-to-date (a) Client and property lists, and (b)
                 any Approved Services contracts and other agreements between Clients and the former
                 Franchised Business; and (ii) transfer, disconnect, forward, or assign all
                 telephone/facsimile numbers and domain names used in connection with the former
                 Franchised Business, as well as any white and yellow page telephone references,
                 advertisements, and all trade and similar name registrations and business licenses to
                 Franchisor or its designee and cancel any interest which Franchisee may have in the same
                 (as Franchisor directs in its sole discretion). Franchisee agrees to execute all documents
                 necessary to comply with the obligations of this Section, including the form Conditional
                 Assignment of Telephone/Facsimile Numbers and Domain Names attached to this
                 Agreement as Exhibit F.

        D.       Cease Using Proprietary Marks. Cease to use in advertising or in any manner whatsoever
                 any methods, procedures, or techniques associated with the System in which Franchisor
                 has a proprietary right, title, or interest, and cease to use the Proprietary Marks and any
                 other marks and indicia of operation associated with the System.

                 1.      Remove all trade dress, then Franchisee must remove physical characteristics,
                         color combinations, and other indications of operation under the System from the
                         Premises and from the Approved Vehicles (and provide documentation thereof to
                         Franchisor as set forth in Section 16(G) below).

                 2.      Upon Franchisor’s request, Franchisee must provide all materials bearing the
                         Proprietary Marks to Franchisor upon expiration or termination of this Agreement
                         for any reason, without cost to Franchisor; and

        E.       Compliance with Post-Term Covenants. Comply with the post-term covenants not to
                 compete and other restrictive covenants set forth in Section 14 of this Agreement;

        F.       Payment of Amounts Due. Pay Franchisor, as well as each of Franchisor’s Approved
                 Suppliers, any and all amounts owed under this Agreement or otherwise in connection with
                 the former Franchised Business within 10 days of the termination or expiration date.

        G.       Written Evidence of Compliance. Provide Franchisor with written evidence that they
                 have complied with the post-term obligations, within thirty (30) days’ notice of termination
                 or scheduled expiration of the franchise; and

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 54  H. Purchase of Assets.
Franchisor shall have the option, but not the obligation, within thirty
(30) days after the date of termination, expiration, and non-renewal of
this Agreement to purchase any and all of Franchisee's operating assets
from the Franchised Business at a purchase price equal to net
depreciated book value. If Franchisor elects this option, Franchisor
will deliver written notice to Franchisee. Franchisor will have the
right to inspect equipment at any time during this thirty (30) day
period. If Franchisor elects to purchase equipment as part of the asset
purchase, Franchisor will be entitled to, and Franchisee must provide,
all customary warranties and representations as to compliance with law,
the maintenance, function, and condition of the equipment and
Franchisee's good title to the equipment (including, but not limited to,
that Franchisee owns the equipment free and clear of any liens and
encumbrances).

        I.       Disconnection of Telephone Number on Termination/Renewal. Franchisee
                 acknowledges that there will be substantial confusion among the public if, after the
                 termination or expiration and non-renewal of this Agreement, Franchisee continues to use
                 advertisements and/or the telephone number listed in the telephone directory under the
                 name “SPRAY-NET” or any name similar to it. Thus, effective upon the termination or
                 expiration and non-renewal of this Agreement, Franchisee agrees to direct the telephone
                 company servicing Franchisee, per Franchisor’s request, to disconnect the telephone
                 number used in connection with the Franchised Business or transfer such number to
                 Franchisor or to any person or location of Franchisor’s choosing. If Franchisee fails to take
                 these steps, Franchisee shall be deemed to have hereby irrevocably appointed Franchisor
                 as Franchisee’s attorney-in-fact for purposes of directing and accomplishing such transfer.
                 Franchisee understands and agrees that, notwithstanding any billing arrangements with any
                 telephone company or yellow pages directory company, Franchisor will be deemed for
                 purposes hereof to be the subscriber of such telephone numbers, with full authority to
                 instruct the applicable telephone or yellow pages directory company as to the use and
                 disposition of telephone listings and numbers. Franchisee hereby agrees to release,
                 indemnify, and hold such companies harmless from any damages or loss as a result of
                 following Franchisor’s instructions.

        J.       Liquidated Damages. Franchisee and Franchisor agree and acknowledge that the damages
                 Franchisor will sustain upon an early termination of this Agreement are difficult to foresee
                 and estimate. Therefore, upon the termination of this Agreement before the end of the
                 Term, Franchisee shall pay Franchisor liquidated damages equal to seven percent (7%) of
                 the applicable annual Minimum Gross Sales for the Franchised Business found in Section
                 6.Z. of this Agreement corresponding to the year of operation in which this agreement is
                 terminated. For avoidance of doubt, the applicable annual Minimum Gross Sales will be
                 based on the number of Territories Franchisee has purchased and the length of time that
                 Franchisee has operated the Franchised Business. These liquidated damages are in addition
                 to all remedies that Franchisor may have against Franchisee for breach of the restrictive
                 covenants found in Section 14 of this Agreement or extracontractual claims such as fraud
                 or unfair and deceptive trade practices.

        K.       Reimbursement for Touch-up Work. If, after the termination or expiration of this
                 Agreement, Franchisor, an affiliate of Franchisor, or another Spray-Net franchisee provides
                 touch-up work for customers to whom Franchisee provided Approved Services, Franchisee
                 shall reimburse Franchisor, Franchisor’s affiliate(s), or another Spray-Net franchisee the
                 actual costs of providing such touch-up work upon demand.

17. TAXES AND INDEBTEDNESS

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 55  A. Taxes. Franchisee
    must promptly pay when due any and all federal, state, and local
    taxes, including without limitation, unemployment, workers'
    compensation, lodging, and sales taxes which are levied or assessed
    with respect to any services or products furnished, used, or
    licensed under this Agreement and all accounts or other indebtedness
    of every kind incurred by Franchisee in the operation of the
    Franchised Business.

        B.       Debts and Obligations. Franchisee hereby expressly covenants and agrees to accept full
                 and sole responsibility for any and all debts and obligations incurred in the operation of the
                 Franchised Business.

18. WRITTEN APPROVALS; WAIVERS; FORMS OF AGREEMENT;
        AMENDMENT

        A.       Franchisor’s Approval. Whenever this Agreement requires or Franchisee desires to
                 obtain Franchisor's approval, Franchisee shall make a timely written request. Unless a
                 different period is specified in this Agreement, Franchisor shall respond with its approval
                 or disapproval within fifteen (15) days of receipt of such request. If Franchisor has not
                 specifically approved a request within such fifteen (15) day period, such failure to respond
                 shall be deemed as a disapproval of any such request.

        B.       No Waiver. No failure of Franchisor to exercise any power reserved to it by this Agreement
                 and no custom or practice of the parties at variance with the terms hereof shall constitute a
                 waiver of Franchisor’s right to demand exact compliance with any of the terms herein. No
                 waiver or approval by Franchisor of any particular breach or default by Franchisee; no
                 delay, forbearance, or omission by Franchisor to act or give notice of default or to exercise
                 any power or right arising by reason of such default hereunder; and no acceptance by
                 Franchisor of any payments due hereunder shall be considered a waiver or approval by
                 Franchisor of any preceding or subsequent breach or default by Franchisee of any term,
                 covenant, or condition of this Agreement.

        C.       Terms of Other Franchise Agreements. No warranty or representation is made by the
                 Franchisor that all franchise agreements heretofore or hereafter issued by Franchisor in
                 connection with a Franchised Business do or will contain terms substantially similar to
                 those contained in this Agreement. Further, Franchisee recognizes and agrees that
                 Franchisor may, in its reasonable business judgment due to local business conditions or
                 otherwise, waive or modify comparable provisions of other franchise agreements
                 heretofore or hereafter granted to other System franchise owners in a non-uniform manner.

        D.       Modification of System and Manuals. Except as provided in Section 22 and Franchisor’s
                 right to unilaterally modify the System and Manuals, no amendment, change, or variance
                 from this Agreement shall be binding upon either Franchisor or Franchisee unless set forth
                 in writing and signed by both parties.

        E.       No Disclaimers of Franchise Disclosure Document. Nothing in this Agreement or in any
                 related agreement is intended to disclaim the representations Franchisor has made in the
                 franchise disclosure document.

19. ENFORCEMENT

        A.       Injunctive Relief. The Franchisor or its designee shall be entitled to obtain without bond,

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 56  declarations, temporary
    and permanent injunctions, and orders of specific performance in
    order to enforce the provisions of this Agreement relating to
    Franchisee's use of the Proprietary Marks, the obligations of
    Franchisee upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, and
    assignment of the franchise and ownership interests in Franchisee or
    in order to prohibit any act or omission by Franchisee or its
    employees which constitutes a violation of any applicable law or
    regulation, which is dishonest or misleading to prospective or
    current customers of businesses operated under the System, which
    constitutes a danger to other franchise owners, employees,
    customers, or the public or which may impair the goodwill associated
    with the Proprietary Marks.

        B.       No Withholding of Payments. Franchisee agrees and acknowledges that it may not
                 withhold payments or amounts of any kind due to Franchisor on the premise of alleged
                 nonperformance by Franchisor of any of its obligations hereunder.

        C.       Costs and Attorneys’ Fees. If Franchisee is in breach or default of any monetary or non-
                 monetary obligation under this Agreement or any related agreement between Franchisee
                 and Franchisor and/or Franchisor’s affiliates, and Franchisor engages an attorney to enforce
                 Franchisor’s rights (whether or not formal judicial proceedings are initiated), Franchisee
                 must reimburse Franchisor for all costs/expenses incurred in connection with enforcing its
                 rights under this Agreement including all reasonable attorneys’ fees, court costs and
                 litigation expenses. If Franchisee institutes any legal action to interpret or enforce the terms
                 of this Agreement, and Franchisee’s claim in such action is denied or the action is
                 dismissed, Franchisor is entitled to recover Franchisor’s reasonable attorneys’ fees, and all
                 other reasonable costs and expenses incurred in defending against same, and to have such
                 an amount awarded as part of the judgment in the proceeding.

20. NOTICES

         Any notice required to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be either mailed by certified

    mail, return receipt requested, or delivered by a recognized courier
    service, receipt acknowledged. Notices must be provided to each
    party at the respective addresses set forth below:

To Franchisor: Spray-Net, Inc Attn: Patrick Simpson, Chief Operating
Officer 1490 De Coulomb Boucherville, Quebec Canada J4B 7M2

To Franchisee:

        Any notice complying with the provisions hereof will be deemed delivered at the earlier of: (i) three

(2) days after mailing; or (ii) the actual date of delivery or receipt
    (as evidenced by the courier). Each party shall have the right to
    designate any other address for such notices by providing the other
    party(ies) with written notice thereof at the addresses above, and
    in such event, all notices to be mailed after receipt of such notice
    shall be sent to such other address.

<!-- -->

21. GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

        A.       Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 57  the laws of the State
    of Delaware, without reference to this state's conflict of laws
    principles.

        B.       Internal Dispute Resolution. Franchisee must first bring any claim or dispute between
                 Franchisee and Franchisor to Franchisor’s management, after providing notice as set forth
                 in Section 21(G) of this Agreement, and make every effort to resolve the dispute internally.
                 Franchisee must exhaust this internal dispute resolution procedure before Franchisee may
                 bring Franchisee’s dispute before a third party. This agreement to first attempt resolution
                 of disputes internally shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement.

        C.       Mediation. At Franchisor’s option, all claims or disputes between Franchisee and
                 Franchisor (or its affiliates) arising out of, or in any way relating to, this Agreement or any
                 other agreement by and between Franchisee and Franchisor (or its affiliates), or any of the
                 parties’ respective rights and obligations arising from such agreement, which are not first
                 resolved through the internal dispute resolution procedure sent forth in Section 21(B)
                 above, will be submitted first to mediation to take place in the County of New Castle,
                 Delaware, under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), in
                 accordance with AAA’s Commercial Mediation Rules then in effect. Before commencing
                 any legal action against Franchisor or its affiliates with respect to any such claim or dispute,
                 Franchisee must submit a notice to Franchisor, which specifies, in detail, the precise nature
                 and grounds of such claim or dispute. Franchisor will have a period of thirty (30) days
                 following receipt of such notice within which to notify Franchisee as to whether Franchisor
                 or its affiliates elects to exercise its option to submit such claim or dispute to mediation.
                 Franchisee may not commence any action against Franchisor or its affiliates with respect
                 to any such claim or dispute in any court unless Franchisor fails to exercise its option to
                 submit such claim or dispute to mediation, or such mediation proceedings have been
                 terminated either: (i) as the result of a written declaration of the mediator(s) that further
                 mediation efforts are not worthwhile; or (ii) as a result of a written declaration by
                 Franchisor. Franchisor’s rights to mediation, as set forth herein, may be specifically
                 enforced by Franchisor. Each party will bear its own cost of mediation and Franchisor and
                 Franchisee will share mediator fees equally. This agreement to mediate will survive any
                 termination or expiration of this Agreement. The parties will not be required to first attempt
                 to mediate a controversy, dispute, or claim through mediation as set forth in this Section
                 21(C) if such controversy, dispute, or claim concerns an allegation that a party has violated
                 (or threatens to violate, or poses an imminent risk of violating): (i) any federally protected
                 intellectual property rights in the Proprietary Marks, the System, or in any Confidential
                 Information or other confidential information; (ii) any of the restrictive covenants
                 contained in this Agreement; and (iii) any of Franchisee’s payment obligations under this
                 Agreement.

        D.       Injunctive Relief. Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that irreparable harm could be
                 caused to Franchisor by Franchisee’s violation of certain provisions of this Agreement and,
                 as such, in addition to any other relief available at law or equity, Franchisor shall be entitled
                 to obtain in any court of competent jurisdiction, without bond, restraining orders or
                 temporary or permanent injunctions in order to enforce, among other items, the provisions
                 of this Agreement relating to: (i) Franchisee’s use of the Proprietary Marks and
                 Confidential Information (including any proprietary software used in connection with the
                 Franchised Business); (ii) the in-term covenant not to compete, as well as any other
                 violations of the restrictive covenants set forth in this Agreement; (iii) Franchisee’s
                 obligations on termination or expiration of this Agreement; (iv) disputes and controversies
                 based on or arising under the Lanham Act, or otherwise involving the Proprietary Marks,

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 58  as now or hereafter
    amended; (v) disputes and controversies involving enforcement of the
    Franchisor's rights with respect to confidentiality under this
    Agreement; and (vi) to prohibit any act or omission by Franchisee or
    its employees that constitutes a violation of applicable law,
    threatens Franchisor's franchise system or threatens other
    franchisees of Franchisor. Franchisee's only remedy if such an
    injunction is entered will be the dissolution of the injunction, if
    appropriate, and Franchisee waives all damage claims if the
    injunction is wrongfully issued.

        E.       Venue. Subject to Sections 21(C) and 21(D) above, the parties agree that any actions
                 arising out of or related to this Agreement must be initiated and litigated to conclusion
                 exclusively in the state court of general jurisdiction in the County of New Castle, Delaware
                 or, if appropriate, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. Franchisee
                 acknowledges that this Agreement has been entered into in the State of Delaware, and that
                 Franchisee is to receive valuable and continuing services emanating from Franchisor’s
                 presence in Delaware, including but not limited to training, assistance, support and the
                 development of the System. In recognition of such services and their origin, Franchisee
                 hereby irrevocably consents to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of
                 Delaware as set forth in this Section.

        F.       Third Party Beneficiaries. Franchisor’s officers, directors, shareholders, owners,
                 members, managers, agents and/or employees are express third party beneficiaries of the
                 provisions of this Agreement, including the dispute resolution provisions set forth in this
                 Section 21, each having authority to specifically enforce the right to mediate/arbitrate
                 claims asserted against such person(s) by Franchisee.

        G.       Notice Requirement. As a condition precedent to commencing an action for damages or
                 for violation or breach of this Agreement, Franchisee must notify Franchisor within thirty
                 (30) days after the occurrence of the violation or breach, and failure to timely give such
                 notice shall preclude any claim for damages.

        H.       No Withholding of Payments. Franchisee shall not withhold all or any part of any
                 payment to Franchisor or any of its affiliates on the grounds of Franchisor’s alleged
                 nonperformance or as an offset against any amount Franchisor or any of Franchisor’s
                 affiliates allegedly may owe Franchisee under this Agreement or any related agreements.

        I.       Limitation of Actions. Franchisee further agrees that no cause of action arising out of or
                 under this Agreement may be maintained by Franchisee against Franchisor unless brought
                 before the expiration of one (1) year after the act, transaction or occurrence upon which
                 such action is based or the expiration of one year after the Franchisee becomes aware of
                 facts or circumstances reasonably indicating that Franchisee may have a claim against
                 Franchisor hereunder, whichever occurs sooner, and that any action not brought within this
                 period shall be barred as a claim, counterclaim, defense, or set-off. Franchisee hereby
                 waives the right to obtain any remedy based on alleged fraud, misrepresentation, or deceit
                 by Franchisor, including, without limitation, rescission of this Agreement, in any
                 mediation, judicial, or other adjudicatory proceeding arising hereunder, except upon a
                 ground expressly provided in this Agreement, or under any right expressly granted by any
                 applicable statute expressly regulating the sale of franchises, or any regulation or rules
                 promulgated thereunder.

        J.       Waiver of Punitive Damages. Franchisee hereby waives to the fullest extent permitted by
                 law, any right to or claim for any punitive, exemplary, incidental, indirect, special or

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 59  consequential damages
    (including, without limitation, lost profits) against Franchisor
    arising out of any cause whatsoever (whether such cause be based in
    contract, negligence, strict liability, other tort or otherwise) and
    agrees that in the event of a dispute, that Franchisee's recovery is
    limited to actual damages. If any other term of this Agreement is
    found or determined to be unconscionable or unenforceable for any
    reason, the foregoing provisions shall continue in full force and
    effect, including, without limitation, the waiver of any right to
    claim any consequential damages. Nothing in this Section or any
    other provision of this Agreement shall be construed to prevent
    Franchisor from claiming and obtaining expectation or consequential
    damages, including lost future royalties for the balance of the term
    of this Agreement if it is terminated due to Franchisee's default,
    which the parties agree and acknowledge Franchisor may claim under
    this Agreement.

        K.       WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE TRIAL
                 BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER AT
                 LAW OR EQUITY, REGARDLESS OF WHICH PARTY BRINGS SUIT. THIS
                 WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER BETWEEN THE
                 PARTIES HERETO WHICH ARISES OUT OF OR IS RELATED IN ANY WAY TO
                 THIS AGREEMENT, THE PERFORMANCE OF EITHER PARTY, AND/OR
                 FRANCHISEE’S PURCHASE FROM FRANCHISOR OF THE FRANCHISE AND/OR
                 ANY GOODS OR SERVICES.

        L.       WAIVER OF CLASS ACTIONS. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL
                 PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE
                 SALE OF THE FRANCHISED BUSINESS, WILL BE CONDUCTED ON AN
                 INDIVIDUAL, NOT A CLASS-WIDE BASIS, AND THAT ANY PROCEEDING
                 BETWEEN FRANCHISEE, FRANCHISEE’S GUARANTORS AND FRANCHISOR
                 OR ITS AFFILIATES/OFFICERS/EMPLOYEES MAY NOT BE CONSOLIDATED
                 WITH ANY OTHER PROCEEDING BETWEEN FRANCHISOR AND ANY OTHER
                 THIRD PARTY.

22. SEVERABILITY AND CONSTRUCTION

        A.       Should any provision of this Agreement for any reason be held invalid, illegal, or
                 unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed
                 restricted in application to the extent required to render it valid, and the remainder of this
                 Agreement shall in no way be affected and shall remain valid and enforceable for all
                 purposes, both parties hereto declaring that they would have executed this Agreement
                 without inclusion of such provision. In the event such total or partial invalidity or
                 unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement exists only with respect to the laws of
                 a particular jurisdiction, this paragraph shall operate upon such provision only to the extent
                 that the laws of such jurisdiction are applicable to such provision. Each party agrees to
                 execute and deliver to the other any further documents which may be reasonably required
                 to make fully the provisions hereof. Franchisee understands and acknowledges that
                 Franchisor shall have the right in its sole discretion on a temporary or permanent basis, to
                 reduce the scope of any covenant or provision of this Agreement binding upon Franchisee
                 without Franchisee’s consent, effective immediately upon receipt by Franchisee of written
                 notice thereof, and Franchisee agrees that it will comply forthwith with any covenant as so
                 modified, which shall be fully enforceable.

        B.       This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so
                 executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but such counterparts together shall

    ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 60  constitute the same
    instrument.

        C.       The table of contents, headings, and captions contained herein are for the purposes of
                 convenience and reference only and are not to be construed as a part of this Agreement.
                 All terms and words used herein shall be construed to include the number and gender as
                 the context of this Agreement may require. The parties agree that each Section of this
                 Agreement shall be construed independently of any other Section or provision of this
                 Agreement.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 61 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement under seal on the date
first written above.

FRANCHISOR: FRANCHISEE:

SPRAY-NET INC.

By: IF AN INDIVIDUAL: Carmelo Marsala, President By: Date: Print Name:

                                              Date:


                                              Spouse Signature:

                                              Spouse Name:

                                              Date:

                                              IF A PARTNERSHIP, CORPORATION, OR
                                              OTHER ENTITY:

                                              By:

                                              Print Name:

                                              Title:

                                              Date:

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Spray-Net Inc. 62  EXHIBIT A TO THE FRANCHISE
AGREEMENT

                          DATA SHEET AND STATEMENT OF OWNERSHIP

1.    SITE SELECTION AREA (IF NEEDED)

          Under Section 2(B) of the Franchise Agreement, Franchisee must locate and secure a Premisesfor
          the Franchised Business within the following Site Selection Area:

2.    PREMISES

          Under Section 2(B) of the Franchise Agreement, the Franchised Business shall be located at the
          following Home Office or other approved Premises:

3.    DESIGNATED TERRITORY

          Under Section 2(C) of the Franchise Agreement, Franchisee’s Designated Territory(-ies) will be
          defined as follows (if identified on a map, please attach map and reference attachment below):




          The number of Designated Territories under this Franchise Agreement is __________.
          The approximate population of the Designated Territories is ____________________.

4.    Initial Franchise Fee. Under Section 4.A.1, Franchisee’s Initial Franchise Fee is
          ___________________.

5.    Franchisee Contact Person. The following individual is a shareholder, member, or partner of
          Franchisee and is the principal person to be contacted on all matters relating to the Franchised
          Business:

          Name:
          Daytime Telephone No.:
          Evening Telephone No.:
          Cellular Telephone No.:

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Agreement - Exhibits  Facsimile No.:
E-mail Address:

6.     Statement of Ownership. If Franchisee is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or
           other business entity, the undersigned agree and acknowledge that the following is a complete list
           of all of the shareholders, members, or partners of Franchisee and the percentage interest of each
           individual:

           Name                                    Position/Title                   Interest (%)

THE PARTIES SIGNING THIS DATA SHEET BELOW AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
THIS DATA SHEET, BY ITSELF, DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A FRANCHISE AGREEMENT OR
OTHERWISE CONFER ANY FRANCHISE RIGHTS UPON FRANCHISEE. THIS DATA SHEET
PROVIDES CERTAIN DEAL-SPECIFIC INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE
FRANCHISE THAT IS GOVERNED BY THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT TO WHICH THIS DATA
SHEET IS AN EXHIBIT.

THE PARTIES AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE FOREGOING FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
MUST BE EXECUTED PRIOR TO OR CONTEMPORANEOUS WITH THIS DATA SHEET FOR
ANY RIGHTS TO BE CONFERRED.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed this Exhibit to
the Franchise Agreement on
t\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

FRANCHISEE FRANCHISOR

                                                              SPRAY-NET INC.

By: By: Carmelo Marsala, President Name:

Title:

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Agreement - Exhibits  EXHIBIT B TO
THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

                                       PERSONAL GUARANTY

NOTE: IF FRANCHISEE IS A CORPORATION, LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OR OTHER
BUSINESS ENTITY, THEN EACH INDIVIDUAL/ENTITY WITH AN OWNERSHIP INTEREST
IN FRANCHISEE (PRINCIPALS/MEMBERS/SHAREHOLDERS/MANAGERS/ PARTNERS/ETC.)
AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SPOUSES MUST EXECUTE THIS FORM OF PERSONAL
GUARANTY. IF FRANCHISEE IS AN INDIVIDUAL AND FRANCHISEE'S SPOUSE HAS NOT
SIGNED THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT DIRECTLY, THEN FRANCHISEE'S SPOUSE MUST
EXECUTE THIS FORM OF PERSONAL GUARANTY.

                                              ARTICLE I
                                         PERSONAL GUARANTY

        The undersigned persons (individually and collectively “you”) hereby represent to SPRAY-NET

INC. (the "Franchisor") that you are all the
owners/principals/members/shareholders/managers/partners, as applicable,
of the business entity named (the "Franchisee"), as well as their
respective spouses, as of the date this Personal Guaranty (the "Personal
Guaranty" or "Guaranty") is executed.

         In consideration of the grant by Franchisor to the Franchisee as herein provided, each of you hereby

agree, in consideration of benefits received and to be received by each
of you, jointly and severally, and for yourselves, your heirs, legal
representatives and assigns, to be firmly bound by all of the terms,
provisions and conditions of the foregoing SPRAY-NET Franchise
Agreement, and any other agreement between Franchisee and Franchisor
and/or its affiliates, and do hereby unconditionally guarantee the full
and timely performance by Franchisee of each and every obligation of
Franchisee under the aforesaid Franchise Agreement or other agreement
between Franchisor and Franchisee, including, without limitation: (i)
any indebtedness of Franchisee arising under or by virtue of the
aforesaid Franchise Agreement; (ii) the prohibition of any change in the
percentage of Franchisee owned, directly or indirectly, by any person,
without first obtaining the written consent of Franchisor prior to said
proposed transfer as set forth in the Franchise Agreement; (iii) those
obligations related to confidentiality, non-disclosure and
indemnification; and (iv) the in-term and post-term covenants against
competition, as well as all other restrictive covenants set forth in the
Franchise Agreement.

                                              ARTICLE II
                                           CONFIDENTIALITY

          During the initial and any renewal terms of the Franchise Agreement and this Guaranty, you will

receive information, which Franchisor considers to be Confidential
Information, trade secrets and/or confidential information, including
without limitation: (i) site-selection criteria; (ii) methods,
techniques and trade secrets for use in connection with the proprietary
business operating system that Franchisor and its affiliates have
developed (the "System") for the establishment and operation of a
SPRAY-NET business (each, an "Franchised Business") and/or franchise
(each, a "Franchised Business"); (iii) marketing research and
promotional, marketing and advertising programs for the Franchised
Business; (iv) knowledge of specification for and suppliers of, certain
products, fixtures, furnishings, equipment and inventory used at the
Franchised Business (v) knowledge of the operating results and financial
performance of other Franchised Businesses; (vi) customer communication
and retention programs, along with data used or generated in connection
with those programs; (vii) Franchisor's proprietary Manuals and other
instructional manuals, as well as any training materials and information
Franchisor has developed for use in connection with the System; (viii)
information regarding the development of Franchisor's proprietary marks
(the "Proprietary Marks"); (ix) information generated by, or used or
developed in, an Franchised Business's ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025
Franchise Agreement - Exhibits operation, including client names,
properties and contracts of any kind, addresses, telephone numbers and
related information and any other information contained in the
Franchised Business's computer system or proprietary software system;
(x) Franchisor's proprietary Manuals and other instructional manuals, as
well as any training materials and information Franchisor has developed
for use in connection with the System; as well as any other proprietary
information or confidential information that is provided to Franchisee
by Franchisor during the term of the Franchise Agreement (collectively,
"Confidential Information"). Youshall not, during the term of this
Agreement or anytime thereafter, communicate, divulge, or use for the
benefit of any other person, partnership, association, corporation, or
limited liability company any Confidential Information and trade
secrets, including, without limitation: Franchisor's copyrighted
materials; price marketing mixes related to the Approved Services and
Products (as defined in the FranchiseAgreement); standards and
specifications for providing the Approved Services and Products and
other merchandise or services offered or authorized for sale by System
franchisees; methods and other techniquesand know-how concerning the of
operation of the Franchised Business, which may be communicated to youor
of which you may become apprised by virtue of your role as a guarantor
of the Franchisee's obligations under the Franchise Agreement. You also
acknowledge and agree that the following also constitutes "Confidential
Information" under this Section: (i) former, current and prospective
client information, including customer names and addresses,
contracts/agreements (collectively "Client Information"), and
(ii)sources and pricing matrices of any approved or designated
suppliers; and (iii) any and all information, knowledge, know-how,
techniques, and other data, which Franchisor designates as confidential.

                                             ARTICLE III
                                          NON-COMPETITION

        You acknowledge that as a participant in the Franchisor’s System, you will receive proprietary and

confidential information and materials, trade secrets, and the unique
methods, procedures and techniques which Franchisor has developed.
Therefore, to protect Franchisor and all Franchisor's franchisees, you
agree as follows:

         1.      During the Term of the Franchise Agreement and this Guaranty. During the term of

the Franchise Agreement and this Personal Guaranty, each of the
undersigned may not, directly or in- directly, for themselves or
through, on behalf of, or in conjunction with any other person,
partnership or corporation:

                  1.1.    Own, maintain, engage in, be employed or serve as an officer, director, or principal

of, lend money, lease space or extend credit to (or otherwise have any
interest in or involvement with), any other business that offers,
provides, manufactures, distributes, or sells any kind of products and
services in connection with any business that: (i) offers, provides or
sells products or services in connection with (a) the painting
(spray-painting or traditional), and/or coating of exterior covering of
doors, windows,roofs, and sidings of immovable structures including
homes and other buildings, and (b) any kind of the Approved Products,
Approved Services, and the Ancillary Services (as these terms are
defined in the Franchise Agreement and as may be modified by Franchisor
from time to time) that are offered or provided by the Franchised
Business and/or other Businesses (each, a "Competing Business"); and/or
(ii) offers or grants licenses or franchises, or establishesjoint
ventures, for the ownership or operation of a Competing Business;
provided, however, that this Sectiondoes not apply to your operation of
an SPRAY-NET franchise under a valid franchise agreement withFranchisor,
or your ownership of less than two percent (2%) of the interests in a
publicly traded company;

                1.2.     Subject to and as permitted by applicable law, employ or seek to employ any

person who is at that time employed by Franchisor, Franchisor's
affiliates or any other System franchisee, or otherwise directly or
indirectly induce or seek to induce such person to leave his or her
employment thereat; or Divert or attempt to divert business or customers
of any Franchisee-owned Franchised Businesses to any competitor, by
direct or indirect inducement or otherwise, or do or perform, directly
or ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Agreement - Exhibits indirectly,
any other act injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with
the Proprietary Marks or the System.

         2.       After the Term of the Franchise Agreement and this Guaranty.

                 2.1      For a period of two (2) years after the expiration and nonrenewal, transfer or

termination of the Franchise Agreement, regardless of the cause, neither
Franchisee, its principals, owners and guarantors, nor any member of the
immediate family of Franchisee, its principals, owners or guarantors,
may, directly or indirectly, for themselves or through, on behalf of, or
in conjunction with any other person, partnership or corporation, be
involved with any business that competes in whole or in part with
Franchisor by offering or granting licenses or franchises, or
establishing joint ventures, for the ownership or operation of a
Competing Business. The geographic scope of the covenant contained in
this Section is any location where Franchisor can demonstrate it has
offered or sold franchises as of the date the Franchise Agreement is
terminated or expires.

                 2.2      For a period of two (2) years after the expiration and nonrenewal, transfer or

termination of the Franchise Agreement, regardless of the cause, neither
Franchisee, its principals, owners and guarantors, nor any member of the
immediate family of Franchisee, its principals, owners or guarantors,
may, directly or indirectly, for themselves or through, on behalf of, or
in conjunction with any other person, partnership or corporation:

                        2.2.1 Own, maintain, engage in, be employed as an officer, director, or principal

of, lend money to, extend credit to, lease/sublease space to, or have
any interest in or involvement with any other Competing Business:

                           (i)        within the Designated Territory or Additional Territory;
                           (ii)       within a fifty (50) mile radius of the Designated Territory or Additional
                                      Territory;
                           (iii)      within a fifty (50) mile radius of any Franchised Business that is open or
                                      under development as of the date the Franchise Agreement expires and/or
                                      is terminated; or
                           (iv)       within a fifty (50) mile radius of any other designated territory or
                                      additional territory that has been granted by Franchisor or its affiliates in
                                      connection with an Franchised Business as of the date the Franchise
                                      Agreement expires and/or is terminated, regardless of whether a
                                      Franchised Business is open and operating in that designated territory or
                                      additional territory; or

                          2.2.2 Subject to as permitted by applicable law, solicit business from Clients of

Franchisee's former Franchised Business or contact any of Franchisor's
suppliers or vendors for any competitive business purpose, nor solicit
any of Franchisor's other employees, or the employees of Franchisor's
affiliates or any other System franchisee to discontinue employment.

         3.       Intent and Enforcement. It is the parties' intent that the provisions of this Article III be

judicially enforced to the fullest extent permissible under applicable
law. Accordingly, the parties agree that any reduction in scope or
modification of any part of the noncompetition provisions contained
herein shall not render any other part unenforceable. In the event of
the actual or threatened breach of this Article III by you, any of your
principals, or any members of their immediate family, Franchisor shall
be entitled to an injunction restraining such person from any such
actual or threatened breach. You agree that in the event of the actual
or threatened breach of this Article III, Franchisor's harm will be
irreparable and that Franchisor has no adequate remedy at law to prevent
such harm. You acknowledge and agree that each of you has previously
worked or been gainfully employed in other careers and that the
provisions of this ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Agreement -
Exhibits Article III in no way prevents you from earning a living. You
further acknowledge and agree that the time limitation of this Article
III shall be tolled during any default under this Guaranty.

                                              ARTICLE IV
                                         DISPUTE RESOLUTION

        1.      Acknowledgment. You acknowledge that this Guaranty is not a franchise agreement and does

not confer upon you any rights to use the Franchisor's proprietary marks
or its system.

        2.       Governing Law. This Guaranty shall be deemed to have been made in and governed by the

laws of the State of Delaware.

         3.       Internal Dispute Resolution. You must first bring any claim or dispute arising out of or

relating to the Franchise Agreement or this Personal Guaranty to
Franchisor's Chief Executive Officer and/or President. You agree to
exhaust this internal dispute resolution procedure before bringing any
dispute before a third party. This agreement to engage in internal
dispute resolution first shall survive the termination or expiration of
this Agreement.

         4.       Mediation. At Franchisor’s option, all claims or disputes between you and Franchisor or its

affiliates arising out of, or in any way relating to, the Franchise
Agreement, this Guaranty or any other agreement by and between the
parties or their respective affiliates, or any of the parties'
respective rights and obligations arising from such agreements, which
are not first resolved through the internal dispute resolution procedure
set forth above, must be submitted first to mediation, in the County of
New Castle, Delaware under the auspices of the American Arbitration
Association ("AAA"), in accordance with AAA's Commercial Mediation Rules
then in effect. Before commencing any legal action against Franchisor or
its affiliates with respect to any such claim or dispute, you must
submit a notice to Franchisor that specifies, in detail, the precise
nature and grounds of such claim or dispute. Franchisor will have a
period of thirty (30) days following receipt of such notice within which
to notify you as to whether Franchisor or its affiliates elect to
exercise our option to submit such claim or dispute to mediation. You
may not commence any arbitration proceeding or other action against
Franchisor or its affiliates with respect to any such claim or dispute
in any court unless Franchisor fails to exercise its option to submit
such claim or dispute to mediation, or such mediation proceedings have
been terminated either: (i) as the result of a written declaration of
the mediator(s) that furthermediation efforts are not worthwhile; or
(ii) as a result of a written declaration by Franchisor. Franchisor
mayspecifically enforce our mediation rights under this Section. Each
party shall bear its own cost of mediation, except that you and
Franchisor shall share the mediator's fees and costs equally. This
agreement to mediate atFranchisor's option shall survive any termination
or expiration of the Franchise Agreement and this Guaranty.

                  4.1.    Excepted Claims. The parties agree that mediation shall not be required with respect

to any claim or dispute involving: (i) any of your payment obligations
that are past due; (ii) the actual or threatened disclosure or misuse of
Franchisor's Confidential Information; (iii) the actual or threatened
violation of Franchisor's rights in, or misuse of, the Proprietary
Marks, System or other trade secrets; (iv) any of the restrictive
covenants contained in the Franchise Agreement or this Guaranty; or (v)
any claims arising out of or related to fraud or misrepresentation by
you, or your insolvency (collectively, the "Excepted Claims").

        5.      Jurisdiction and Venue. Subject to Sections 3 and 4 above, the parties agree that any action

at law or in equity instituted against either party to this Agreement
must be commenced and litigated to conclusion (unless settled) only in
any court of competent jurisdiction located in the County of New Castle,
Delaware or, if appropriate, the United States District Court for the
District of Delaware. The undersigned hereby irrevocably consent to the
jurisdiction of these courts.

       6.     Third Party Beneficiaries. Franchisor’s officers, directors, shareholders, agents and/or

employees are express third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement and
the mediation and other dispute ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise
Agreement - Exhibits resolution provisions contained herein, each having
authority to specifically enforce the right to mediate and litigate
claims asserted against such person(s) by you.

         7.        Right to Injunctive Relief. Nothing contained in this Guaranty will prevent Franchisor from

applying to or obtaining from any court having jurisdiction a writ of
attachment, temporary injunction, preliminary injunction and/or other
emergency relief available to safeguard and protect Franchisor's
interest prior to the filing of any mediation or arbitration proceeding,
or pending the trial or handing down of a decision or award under any
mediation or arbitration proceeding conducted hereunder. If injunctive
relief is granted, your only remedy will be the court's dissolution of
the injunctive relief. If the injunctive relief was wrongfully issued,
you expressly waive all claims for damages you incurred as a result of
the wrongful issuance.

      8.   JURY TRIAL AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO

WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER
AT LAW OR EQUITY, REGARDLESS OF WHICH PARTY BRINGS SUIT. THIS WAIVER
SHALL APPLY TO ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO WHICH
ARISES OUT OF OR IS RELATED IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE
PERFORMANCE OF EITHER PARTY, AND/OR FRANCHISEE'S PURCHASE FROM
FRANCHISOR OF THE FRANCHISE AND/OR ANY GOODS OR SERVICES. THE PARTIES
AGREE THAT ALL PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT,
OR THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISED BUSINESS, WILL BE CONDUCTED ON AN
INDIVIDUAL, NOT A CLASS- WIDE BASIS, AND THAT ANY PROCEEDING BETWEEN
FRANCHISEE, FRANCHISEE'S GUARANTORS AND FRANCHISOR OR ITS
AFFILIATES/OFFICERS/EMPLOYEES/AGENTS/REPRESENTATIVES MAY NOT BE
CONSOLIDATED WITH ANY OTHER PROCEEDING BETWEEN FRANCHISOR AND ANY OTHER
THIRD PARTY.

        9.       Limitation of Action. You further agree that no cause of action arising out of or under this

Guaranty may be maintained by you unless brought before the expiration
of one year after the act, transaction or occurrence upon which such
action is based or the expiration of one year after you become aware of
facts or circumstances reasonably indicating that you may have a claim
against us, whichever occurs sooner, and that any action not brought
within this period shall be barred as a claim, counterclaim, defense or
set-off.

         10.      Punitive Damages. You hereby waive to the fullest extent permitted by law, any right to or

claim for any punitive, exemplary, incidental, indirect, special or
consequential damages (including, without limitation, lost profits)
which you may have against us, arising out of any cause whatsoever
(whether such cause be based in contract, negligence, strict liability,
other tort or otherwise) and agrees that in the event of a dispute, that
your recovery shall be limited to actual damages. If any other term of
this Guaranty is found or determined to be unconscionable or
unenforceable for any reason, the foregoing provisions shall continue in
full force and effect, including, without limitation, the waiver of any
right to claim any consequential damages.

        11.     Costs and Attorneys’ Fees. Whether or not formal legal proceedings are initiated, in the event

Franchisor incurs any legal fees or other costs associated with
enforcing the terms of this Guaranty or the Franchise Agreement against
you, then Franchisor will be entitled to recover from you all costs and
expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred in enforcing
the terms of this Guaranty or the Franchise Agreement.

        12.     Nonwaiver. Franchisor’s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision of this

Guaranty shall not be a waiver of our right to do so, any law, custom,
usage or rule to the contrary notwithstanding. Delay or omission by us
respecting any breach or default shall not affect Franchisor's rights
respecting any subsequent breaches or defaults. All rights and remedies
granted in this Guaranty shall be cumulative. Your election to exercise
any remedy available by law or contract shall not be deemed a waiver or
preclude exercise of any other remedy. ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025
Franchise Agreement - Exhibits  13. No Personal Liability. You agree
that fulfillment of any and all of Franchisor's obligations written in
the Franchise Agreement or this Guaranty, or based on any oral
communications which may be ruled to be binding in a court of law, shall
be Franchisor's sole responsibility and none of our owners, officers,
agents, representatives, nor any individuals associated with Franchisor
shall be personally liable to you for any reason. This is an important
part of this Guaranty. You agree that nothing that you believe you have
been told by us or our representatives shall be binding unless it is
written in the Franchise Agreement or this Guaranty. Do not sign this
Agreement if there is any question concerning its contents or any
representations made.

         14.     Severability. The parties agree that if any provisions of this Guaranty may be construed in

two ways, one of which would render the provision illegal or otherwise
voidable or unenforceable and the other which would render it valid and
enforceable, such provision shall have the meaning, which renders it
valid and enforceable. The language of all provisions of this Guaranty
shall be construed according to fair meaning and not strictly construed
against either party. The provisions of this Guaranty are severable, and
this Guaranty shall be interpreted and enforced as if all completely
invalid or unenforceable provisions were not contained herein, and
partially valid and enforceable provisions shall be enforced to the
extent that they are valid and enforceable. If any material provision of
this Guaranty shall be stricken or declared invalid, the parties agree
to negotiate mutually acceptable substitute provisions. In the event
that the parties are unable to agree upon such provisions, Franchisor
reserves the right to terminate this Guaranty.

         15.     Construction of Language. Any term defined in the Franchise Agreement which is not

defined in this Guaranty will be ascribed the meaning given to it in the
Franchise Agreement. The language of this Guaranty will be construed
according to its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against either
party. All words in this Guaranty refer to whatever number or gender the
context requires. If more than one party or person is referred to as
you, their obligations and liabilities must be joint and several.
Headings are for reference purposes and do not control interpretation.

         16.      Successors. References to “Franchisor” or “the undersigned,” or “you” include the respective

parties' heirs, successors, assigns or transferees.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Guaranty on the

datestated on the first page hereof.

PERSONAL GUARANTORS

\[Insert Signature of Guarantor\] \[Insert Signature of Spouse\]

\[Insert Signature of Guarantor\] \[Insert Signature of Spouse\]

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Agreement - Exhibits  EXHIBIT C TO
THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

                       COLLATERAL ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE

                  THIS COLLATERAL ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE (this

"Assignment") is made, entered into and effective on this day of , 20
Effective Date,") byand between: (i) SPRAY-NET INC., a Delaware
corporation with its principal place of business at 1490 De Coulomb,
Boucherville, Quebec, Canada J4B 7M2 (the "Franchisor"); and (ii) , a
(resident of) (corporation organized in) (limited liability company
organized in) with a business address at (the "Franchisee").

                                      BACKGROUND INFORMATION

         The Franchisor entered into that certain Franchise Agreement (the “Franchise Agreement”) dated

as of , 20\_\_\_\_\_\_ with the Franchisee, which the Franchisee plans
to own and operate an SPRAY-NET franchised business (the "Franchised
Business") located at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(the "Site"). In addition, under that certain Lease Agreement (the
"Lease"), the Franchisee has leased or will lease certain space
containing the Franchised Business described therein from
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (the"Lessor"). The
Franchise Agreement requires the Franchisee to deliver this Assignment
to the Franchisoras a condition to the grant of a franchise.

                                           OPERATIVE TERMS

         The Franchisor and the Franchisee agree as follows:

       1.        Background Information: The background information is true and correct. This

Assignment will be interpreted by reference to, and construed in
accordance with, the background information set forth above.

       2.      Incorporation of Terms: Terms not otherwise defined in this Assignment have the

meanings as defined in the Franchise Agreement.

          3.        Indemnification of Franchisor: Franchisee agrees to indemnify and hold Franchisor and

its affiliates, stockholders, directors, officers, principals,
franchisees/licensees and representatives harmless from and against any
and all losses, liabilities, claims, proceedings, demands, damages,
judgments, injuries, attorneys' fees, costs and expenses, that they
incur resulting from any claim brought against any of them or any action
which any of them are named as a party or which any of them may suffer,
sustain or incur by reason of, or arising out of, Franchisee's breach of
any of the terms of the Lease, including the failure to pay rent or any
other terms and conditions of the Lease.

         4.       Conditional Assignment: Franchisee hereby grants to the Franchisor a security interest

in and to the Lease, all of the furniture, fixtures, inventory and
supplies located in the Site and the franchise relating to the
Franchised Business, and all of the Franchisee's rights, title and
interest in and to the Lease as conditional for the payment of any
obligation, liability or other amount owed by the Franchisee or its
affiliates to the Lessor arising under the Lease and for any default or
breach of any of the terms and provisions of the Lease, and for any
default or breach of any of the terms and provisions of the Franchise
Agreement. In the event of a breach or default by Franchisee under the
terms of the Lease, or, in the event Franchisor makes any payment to the
Lessor as a result of the Franchisee's breach of the Lease, then such
payment by the Franchisor, or such breach or default by the Franchisee,
shall at Franchisor's option be deemed to be an immediate default under
the Franchise Agreement, and the Franchisor shall be entitled to the
possession of the Site and to all of the rights, title and interest of
the Franchisee in and to the Lease and ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025
Franchise Agreement - Exhibits to all other remedies described herein or
in the Franchise Agreement or at law or in equity, without prejudice to
any other rights or remedies of the Franchisor under any other
agreements or under other applicable laws or equities. This Assignment
shall constitute a lien on the interest of the Franchisee in and to the
Lease until satisfaction in full of all amounts owed by the Franchisee
to the Franchisor. In addition, the rights of the Franchisor to assume
all obligations under the Lease provided in this Assignment are totally
optional on the part of the Franchisor, to be exercised in its sole
discretion. Franchisee agrees to execute any and all Uniform Commercial
Code financing statements and all other documents and instruments deemed
necessary by Franchisor to perfect or document the interests and
assignments granted herein.

         5.       No Subordination: Franchisee shall not permit the Lease to become subordinate to any

lien without first obtaining Franchisor's written consent, other than
the lien created by this Assignment, the Franchise Agreement, the
Lessor's lien under the Lease, liens securing bank financing for the
operations of Franchisee on the Site and the agreements and other
instruments referenced herein. The Franchisee will not terminate, modify
or amend any of the provisions or terms of the Lease without the prior
written consentof the Franchisor. Any attempt at termination,
modification or amendment of any of the terms of the Lease without such
written consent is null and void.

        6.      Exercise of Remedies: In any case of default by the Franchisee under the terms of the

Lease or under the Franchise Agreement, Franchisor shall be entitled to
exercise any one or more of the following remedies in its sole
discretion:

                  a)       to take possession of the Site, or any part thereof, personally, or by its agents or

attorneys;

                b)      to, in its discretion, without notice and with or without process of law, enter upon

and take and maintain possession of all or any part of the Site,
together with all furniture, fixtures, inventory, books, records, papers
and accounts of the Franchisee;

                  c)       to exclude the Franchisee, its agents or employees from the Site;

                  d)      as attorney-in-fact for the Franchisee, or in its own name, and under the powers

herein granted, to hold, operate, manage and control the Franchised
Business and conduct the business, if any, thereof, either personally or
by its agents, with full power to use such measures, legally
rectifiable, as in its discretion may be deemed proper or necessary to
cure such default, including actions of forcible entry or detainer and
actions in distress of rent, hereby granting full power and authority to
the Franchisor to exercise each and every of the rights, privileges and
powers herein granted at any and all times hereafter;

                 e)      to cancel or terminate any unauthorized agreements or subleases entered into by

the Franchisee, for any cause or ground which would entitle the
Franchisor to cancel the same;

                 f)      to disaffirm any unauthorized agreement, sublease or subordinated lien, to make

all necessary or proper repairs, decorating, renewals, replacements,
alterations, additions, betterments and improvements to the Site or the
Site that may seem judicious, in the sole discretion of the Franchisor;
and

                g)      to insure and reinsure the same for all risks incidental to the Franchisor’s

possession, operation and management thereof; and/or

                  h)     notwithstanding any provision of the Franchise Agreement to the contrary, to

declare all of the Franchisee's rights but not obligations under the
Franchise Agreement to be immediately terminated as of the date of
Franchisee defaults under the Lease and fails to cure said default
within the applicable cure period (if any).

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Agreement - Exhibits  The parties
agree and acknowledge that Franchisor is not required to assume the
Lease, take possession of the Site or otherwise exercise of its other
rights described in this Assignment. In the event Franchisor elects to
exercise its right to assume the Lease and/or take possession of the
Site, it will provide written notice to Franchisee in writing and
undertake the other necessary actions at issue. Nothing in this
Assignment may be construed to impose an affirmative obligation on the
part of Franchisor to exercise any of the rights set forth herein.

        7.        Power of Attorney: Franchisee does hereby appoint irrevocably Franchisor as its true and

lawful attorney-in-fact in its name and stead and hereby authorizes it,
upon any default under the Lease or under the Franchise Agreement, with
or without taking possession of the Site, to rent, lease, manage and
operate the Site to any person, firm or corporation upon such terms and
conditions in its discretion as it may determine, and with the same
rights and powers and immunities, exoneration of liability and rights of
recourse and indemnity as the Franchisor would have upon taking
possession of the Site under the provisions set forth in the Lease. The
power of attorney conferred upon the Franchisor under this Assignment is
a power coupled with an interest and cannot be revoked, modified or
altered without the written consent of the Franchisor.

         8.      Election of Remedies: It is understood and agreed that the provisions set forth in this

Assignment are deemed a special remedy given to the Franchisor and are
not deemed to exclude any of the remedies granted in the Franchise
Agreement or any other agreement between the Franchisor and the
Franchisee, but are deemed an additional remedy and shall be cumulative
with the remedies therein and elsewhere granted to the Franchisor, all
of which remedies are enforceable concurrently or successively. No
exercise by the Franchisor or any of the rights hereunder will cure,
waiver or affect any default hereunder or default under the Franchise
Agreement. No inaction or partial exercise of rights by the Franchisor
will be construed as a waiver of any of its rights and remedies and no
waiver by the Franchisorof any such rights and remedies shall be
construed as a waiver by the Franchisor of any future rights and
remedies. Franchisor is not required to exercise any of its rights set
forth in Section 6 hereof, but shall havethe irrevocable right to do so.

         9.      Binding Agreements: This Assignment and all provisions hereof shall be binding upon

the Franchisor and the Franchisee, their successors, assigns and legal
representatives and all other persons or entities claiming under them or
through them, or either of them, and the words "Franchisor" and
"Franchisee" when used herein shall include all such persons and
entities and any others liable for payment of amounts under the Lease or
the Franchise Agreement. All individuals executing on behalf of
corporate entities hereby represent and warrant that such execution has
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and shareholder
authorizations and approvals.

        10.      Assignment to Control. This Assignment governs and controls over any conflicting

provisions in the Lease.

        11.      Attorneys’ Fees, Etc. In any action or dispute, at law or in equity, that may arise under or

otherwise relate to this Assignment, the prevailing party will be
entitled to recover its attorneys' fees, costs and expenses relating to
any trial or appeal (including, without limitation, paralegal fees) or
arbitration or bankruptcy proceeding from the non-prevailing party.

        12.    Severability. If any of the provisions of this Assignment or any section or subsection of

this Assignment shall be held invalid for any reason, the remainder of
this Assignment or any such section or subsection will not be affected
thereby and will remain in full force and effect in accordance with its
terms.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Assignment to be
executed as of the day and year first above written. ©2025 Spray-Net
Inc. 2025 Franchise Agreement - Exhibits  FRANCHISEE FRANCHISOR By:
SPRAY-NET INC. Name: By: Carmelo Marsala, President

The Lessor hereby consents, agrees with, approves of and joins in with
this COLLATERAL ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF LEASE.

                                              LESSOR




                                              By:
                                              Name:
                                              Title:
                                              Date:

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Agreement - Exhibits  EXHIBIT D TO
THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

                                      EFT AUTHORIZATION FORM

Bank Name: ABA# : Acct. No.: Acct. Name:

Effective as of the date of the signature below, \[Franchisee Name\]
(the "Franchisee") hereby authorizes SPRAY-NET INC. (the "Company") or
its designee to withdraw funds from the above-referenced bank account,
electronically or otherwise, to cover the following payments that are
due and owing Company or its affiliates under the franchise agreement
dated \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (the "Franchise Agreement") for
the franchised business located at:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(the "Franchised Business"): (i)all Royalty Fees; (ii) Fund
Contributions, Initial Marketing Investment, as well as other
advertising/marketing amounts that Franchisee is required to expend in
connection with the Franchised Business; (iii) any amounts due and owing
the Company or its affiliates in connection with technology, marketing
materials or other supplies or inventory that is provided by Company or
its affiliates; and (iv) all other fees and amounts due and owing to
Company or its affiliates under the Franchise Agreement. Franchisee
acknowledges each of the fees described above may be collected by the
Company (or its designee) as set forth in the Franchise Agreement.

The parties further agree that all capitalized terms not specifically
defined herein will be afforded the definition they are given in the
Franchise Agreement.

Such withdrawals shall occur on a weekly basis, or on such other
schedule as Company shall specify in writing. This authorization shall
remain in full force and effect until terminated in writing by Company.
\[Franchisee Name\] shall provide Company, in conjunction with this
authorization, a voided check from the above-referenced account.

AGREED:

FRANCHISEE FRANCHISOR

\[INSERT FRANCHISEE NAME\] SPRAY-NET INC.

By: By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Name (Print): Carmelo Marsala, President

Its:

Please attach a voided blank check, for purposes of setting up Bank and
Transit Numbers.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Agreement - Exhibits  EXHIBIT E TO
THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

               CONFIDENTIALITY AND RESTRICTIVE COVENANT AGREEMENT

          (1)      (for Designated Mangers and other management personnel, SN Specialists, as well as

any officers,directors, or owners of the Franchisee that did not sign
the full Personal Guaranty)

         In consideration of my being a [INSERT TITLE/ROLE WITH FRANCHISEE] of
                 (the “Franchisee”), and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency

of which is acknowledged, I (the undersigned) hereby acknowledge and
agree that Franchisee has acquired the right from SPRAY-NET INC. (the
"Company" or "Franchisor") to: (i) establish and operate a franchised
business (the "Franchised Business"); and (ii) use in the operation of
the Franchised Business the Company's trade names, trademarks and
service marks (collectively, the "Proprietary Marks") and the Company's
unique and distinctive format and system relating to the establishment
and operation of Franchised Business businesses (the "System"), as they
may be changed, improved and further developed from time to time in the
Company's sole discretion, only at the following authorized and approved
location: (the "Premises").

        1.       The Company possesses certain proprietary and confidential information relating to the

operation of the Franchised Business and System generally, including
without limitation: Company's proprietary and confidential Manuals and
other manuals providing guidelines, standards and specifications related
to the establishment and operation of the Franchised Business
(collectively, the "Manuals"); Franchisor's proprietary training
materials and programs, as well as proprietary marketing methods and
other instructional materials, trade secrets; information related to any
other proprietary methodology or aspects of the System or the
establishment and continued operation of the Franchised Business;
financial information; any and all customer lists, contracts and other
customer information obtained through the operation of the Franchised
Business and other Franchised Businesses; any information related to any
type of proprietary software that may be developed and/or used in the
operation of with the Franchised Business; and any techniques, methods
and know-how related to the operation of Franchised Business or
otherwise used in connection with the System, which includes certain
trade secrets, copyrighted materials, methods and other techniques and
know-how (collectively, the "Confidential Information").

        2.       Any other information, knowledge, know-how, and techniques which the Company

specifically designates as confidential will also be deemed to be
Confidential Information for purposes of this Agreement.

       3.      As [INSERT TITLE WITH RESPECT TO FRANCHISEE] of the Franchisee, the

Company and Franchisee will disclose the Confidential Information to me
in furnishing to me the training program and subsequent ongoing
training, the Manuals, and other general assistance during the term of
this Agreement.

         4.      I will not acquire any interest in the Confidential Information, other than the right to utilize

it in the operation of the Franchised Business during the term hereof,
and the use or duplication of the Confidential Information, in whole or
in part, for any use outside the System would constitute an unfair
method of competition.

        5.      The Confidential Information is proprietary, involves trade secrets of the Company, and is

disclosed to me solely on the condition that I agree, and I do hereby
agree, that I shall hold in strict confidence all Confidential
Information and all other information designated by the Company as
confidential. Unless the Company otherwise agrees in writing, I will
disclose and/or use the Confidential Information only in connection with
my duties as \[INSERT TITLE\] of the Franchisee, and will continue not
to disclose any such information even after I cease to be in that
position and will not use any such ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise
Agreement - Exhibits information even after I cease to be in that
position unless I can demonstrate that such information has become
generally known or easily accessible other than by the breach of an
obligation of Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement.

        6.    I will surrender any material containing some or all of the Confidential Information to the

Company, upon request, or upon conclusion of the use for which the
information or material may have been furnished.

        7.       Except as otherwise approved in writing by the Company, I shall not, while in my position

with the Franchisee, for myself, or through, on behalf of, or in
conjunction with any person, persons, partnership, corporation or
limited liability company, own, maintain, engage in, be employed by, or
have any interest in any other business that: (i) is a painting service
business that is similar to the Franchised Business and/or that
features, offers and/or sells products and services similar to the those
offered and sold by the Franchised Business and/or other Spray-Net
franchises (a "Competing Business"); or (iii) grants or has granted
franchises or licenses, or establishes or has established joint
ventures, for one or more Competing Businesses. I also agree that I will
not undertake any action to divert business from the Franchised Business
to any Competing Business, or solicit any of the former customers or
employees of Franchisee for any competitive business purpose.

                 7.1     Post-Term Restrictive Covenant for Designated Manager of Franchised Business

or Manager/Officers/Directors of Franchisee. In the event I am a manager
of the Franchised Business, or an officer/director/manager/partner of
Franchisee that has not already executed a Personal Guaranty agreeing to
be bound by the terms of the Franchise Agreement, then I further agree
that I will not be involved in a Competing Business of any kind for a
period of two years after the expiration or termination of my employment
with Franchisee for any reason: (i) at or within a 60 mile radius of the
Premises; or (ii) within a 60-mile radius of any other Franchised
Business that exists at the time my employment with Franchisee ceases
through the date of my involvement with the Competing Business. I also
agree that I will not be involved in the franchising or licensing of any
Competing Business at any location, or undertake any action to divert
business from the Franchised Business to any Competing Business or
solicit any of the former customers or employees of Franchisee for any
competitive business purpose, during this two (2) year period following
the termination or expiration of my employment with the Franchisee.

        8.      I agree that each of the foregoing covenants shall be construed as independent of any other

covenant or provision of this Agreement. If all or any portion of a
covenant in this Agreement is held unreasonable or unenforceable by a
court or agency having valid jurisdiction in an unappealed final
decision to which the Company is a party, I expressly agree to be bound
by any lesser covenant subsumed within the terms of such covenant that
imposes the maximum duty permitted by law, as if the resulting covenant
were separately stated in and made a part of this Agreement.

        9.       I understand and acknowledge that the Company shall have the right, in its sole discretion,

to reduce the scope of any covenant set forth in this Agreement, or any
portion thereof, without my consent, effective immediately upon receipt
by me of written notice thereof; and I agree to comply forthwith with
any covenant as so modified.

         10.     The Company is a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement and may enforce it, solely

and/or jointly with the Franchisee. I am aware that my violation of this
Agreement will cause the Company and the Franchisee irreparable harm;
therefore, I acknowledge and agree that the Franchisee and/or the
Company may apply for the issuance of a temporary and/or permanent
injunction and a decree for the specific performance of the terms of
this Agreement, without the necessity of showing actual or threatened
harm and without being required to furnish a bond or other security. I
agree to pay the Franchisee and the Company all the costs it/they
incur(s), including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses, if
this Agreement is enforced against me. Due to the importance of this
Agreement to the Franchisee and the ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise
Agreement - Exhibits Company, any claim I have against the Franchisee or
the Company is a separate matter and does not entitle me to violate, or
justify any violation of this Agreement.

        11.      I shall not at any time, directly or indirectly, do any act that would or would likely be

injurious or prejudicial to the goodwill associated with the
Confidential Information and the System.

        12.    Franchisee shall make all commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that I act as required

by this Agreement.

        13.   Any failure by Franchisor to object to or take action with respect to any breach of this

Agreement by me shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of or
consent to that breach or any subsequent breach by me.

      14.    THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND

ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF \[INSERT STATE
WHERE FRANCHISEE IS LOCATED\] AND MYSELF HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS
HIMSELF TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE COURT CLOSEST TO THE PREMISES
OF THE FRANCHISED BUSINESS OR, IF APPROPRIATE, THE FEDERAL COURT CLOSED
TO SUCH PREMISES. I HEREBY WAIVE ALL QUESTIONS OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION
OR VENUE FOR THE PURPOSE OF CARRYING OUT THIS PROVISION. I HEREBY AGREE
THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE UPON ME IN ANY PROCEEDING RELATING
TO OR ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP CREATED BY THIS
AGREEMENT BY ANY MEANS ALLOWED BY \[INSERT STATE\] OR FEDERAL LAW. I
FURTHER AGREE THAT VENUE FOR ANY PROCEEDING RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT
OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE ONE OF THE COURTS DESCRIBED ABOVE IN THIS
SECTION; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION WHICH INCLUDES
INJUNCTIVE RELIEF OR OTHER EXTRAORDINARY RELIEF, FRANCHISOR MAY BRING
SUCH ACTION IN ANY COURT IN ANY STATE WHICH HAS JURISDICTION.

        15.      The parties acknowledge and agree that each of the covenants contained in this Agreement

are reasonable limitations as to time, geographical area, and scope of
activity to be restrained and do not impose a greater restraint than is
necessary to protect the goodwill or other business interests of
Franchisor. The parties agree that each of the foregoing covenants shall
be construed as independent of any other covenant or provision of this
Agreement. If all or any portion of a covenant in this Agreement is held
unreasonable or unenforceable by a court or agency having valid
jurisdiction in any unappealed final decision to which Franchisor is a
part, I expressly agree to be bound by any lesser covenant subsumed
within the terms of the covenant that imposes the maximum duty permitted
by law as if the resulting covenant were separately stated in and made a
part of this Agreement.

         16.   This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties regarding the subject matter

of this Agreement. This Agreement may be modified only by a duly
authorized writing executed by all parties.

         17.     All notices and demands required to be given must be in writing and sent by personal

delivery, expedited delivery service, certified or registered mail,
return receipt requested, first-class postage prepaid, facsimile or
electronic mail, (provided that the sender confirms the facsimile or
electronic mail, by sending an original confirmation copy by certified
or registered mail or expedited delivery service within three (3)
business days after transmission), to the respective party at the
following address unless and until a different address has been
designated by written notice.

         For notices to Franchisor, the notice shall be addressed to

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Agreement - Exhibits  SPRAY-NET INC.
Attn: Patrick Simpson, Chief Operating Officer 1490 De Coulomb,
Boucherville Quebec, Canada J4B 7M2

        Any notices sent by personal delivery shall be deemed given upon receipt. Any notices given by

facsimile or electronic mail shall be deemed given upon transmission,
provided confirmation is made as provided above. Any notice sent by
expedited delivery service or registered or certified mail shall be
deemed given three (3) business days after the time of mailing. Any
change in the foregoing addresses shall be effected by giving fifteen
(15) days written notice of such change to the other parties. Business
day for the purpose of this Agreement excludes Saturday, Sunday and the
following national holidays: NewYear's Day, Martin Luther King Day,
Presidents' Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus
Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas.

        18.      The rights and remedies of Franchisor under this Agreement are fully assignable and

transferable and inure to the benefit of its respective parent,
successor and assigns.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is made and entered into by the undersigned parties

asof the Effective Date.

                                                     UNDERSIGNED

                                                     Signature:

                                                     Name:

                                                     Address:

                                                     Title:

ACKNOWLEDGED BY FRANCHISEE

\[FRANCHISEE NAME\]

By:

Title:

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Agreement - Exhibits  EXHIBIT F TO
THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

      CONDITIONAL ASSIGNMENT OF TELEPHONE NUMBERS AND DOMAIN NAMES

         1.                                            , doing business as Franchised Business (the

"Assignor"), in exchange for valuable consideration provided by
SPRAY-NET INC. (the "Assignee"), receipt of which ishereby acknowledged
hereby conditionally assigns to Assignee all telephone numbers,
facsimile numbers,domain names, as well as any listings associated
therewith, utilized by Assignor in the operation of its SPRAY-NET
franchised business located at (collectively, the"Assigned Property").
The Assigned Property includes the following:

Telephone Number(s):

Facsimile Number(s):

Domain Name(s) (as permitted by Franchisor under the Franchise
Agreement):

         2.                    The conditional agreement will become effective automatically upon

termination, expiration of Assignor's franchise. Upon the occurrence of
that condition, Assignor must do all things required by the telephone
company and/or domain name registrar to assure the effectiveness of the
assignment of Assigned Property as if the Assignee had been originally
issued such Assigned Property andthe usage thereof.

         3.                    Assignor agrees to pay the telephone company and/or domain name registrar,

on or beforethe effective date of assignment, all amounts owed for the
use of the Assigned Property up to the date thisAssignment becomes
effective. Assignor further agrees to indemnify Assignee for any sums
Assignee mustpay the telephone company or domain name registrar to
effectuate this agreement, and agrees to fully cooperate with the
telephone company and/or domain name registrar, as well as the Assignee,
in effectuating this assignment.

ASSIGNOR

BY: Date:

TITLE:

ASSIGNEE SPRAY-NET INC.

BY: Carmelo Marsala, President

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Agreement - Exhibits  EXHIBIT G TO
THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

           SPRAY-NETWORK contract provisions for terms of use, rights, and conditions.

License Grant. 1. Scope of Use: The Licensed User is hereby authorized
as the Franchise Partner role to use the software The Spray-Network to
add and remove users within the software under their 'franchise', manage
the administration and onboarding of these users to the platform. 2. The
Spray-Network is intended to be used on a Chrome Browser, Desktop and/or
iPad. The list view and production sheet modules are also available on
Mobile devices. 1. The Quotation module for the scope of providing
quotes is to be completed on Chrome on an iPad with mobile data. It is
not intended to be utilized with a mobile hot spot.

Permitted Users: The users added to the Spray-Network under a franchise
location are limited to employees or business partners of the said
Franchise location.

Duration: The use and rights of the Spray-Network are limited to the
following terms and conditions: 1. The Franchise Owner must be
considered in good standing and not in violation of a breach of
contract, payment, or termination of the franchise agreement. 2. In the
event of a closure or termination, the franchisor will determine the
appropriate steps and limits with rights of access to the Spray-Network.
3. In the event an employee of the franchise Owner is no longer an
active owner. The Franchise Owner must take the appropriate steps to
remove the user from the Spray-Network, fully revoking access to the
platform. 4. The Franchise Owner must pay for the Software license fees
to maintain access to the Spray-Network, as outlined in the Franchise
Agreement.

Restrictions on Use: 1. The Spray-Network is the proprietary software of
Spray-Net, and may not be sold, redistributed, reverse engineered or
used in any other manner than intended for use with the franchise
business model.

Intellectual Property Rights: The license rights to use the software is
limited to the rights to use the software for the duration of the terms
of the franchise agreement.

Transfers: In the event of a merger or a business acquisition of a
franchise location, the license to use the franchise in the
Spray-Network with the customer information may be transferred to the
new owner.

Support and Maintenance: The users of the platform may reach out for
support or to flag potential issues through the ticketed chatbot
embedded into the Spray-Network menu. Periodically, updates, system
maintenance and new features will be deployed. At the time of an update,
users will be notified and are required to update their cache to permit
the newest version of the operating system to be available to them.

Termination: SPRAY-NET retains the right to restrict access to the
Spray-Network in the event of failure to pay invoices, breach of
franchise agreement or termination of a Franchise.

Fees and Payment Terms: Software fees for the use of the Spray-Network
are broken down into re- occurring monthly fixes fees, as outlined in
the franchise agreement. In addition to the monthly fixed fee, there is
a weekly Tech fee royalty amount due. This accounts for 0.0025 of total
job value produced the previous week.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Agreement - Exhibits SPRAY-NET
retains the right to adjust the frequency and amount of the
Spray-Network software fees and tech royalty invoiced.

In the event of major upgrades or integration of third-party
applications, additional software fees may apply.

Support Maintenance: The Spray-Network chatbot bubble is the recommended
method to flag user issues. Depending on the reason for the issue being
submitted, response resolution may vary. All issues will be responded to
during weekday business hours within a reasonable delay. If the user
requires support to use the platform, in some cases, they may be sent
training materials such as videos, documents or a video conference may
be scheduled.

When bugs associated with the platform are logged, the user will be
updated when the issue is resolved. All issues will be resolved in a
priority sequence, as determined by SPRAY-NET.

We recommend feedback and suggestions for improvements; however, it is
at the discretion of SPRAY- NET to determine whether the recommendations
align with the project roadmap and budget of software development.

Should a franchise owner have special conditions uniquely impacting
their franchise requiring custom development; It is at the discretion of
SPRAY-NET to determine whether custom development will occur, and if so,
they reserve the right to determine the timeline and whether there are
additional costs incurred to the franchise owner.

Miscellaneous: The Franchise Owner understands they are responsible to
comply with the privacy policy of their City, State or Province and
Country. It is the responsibility of the franchise owner to notify
SPRAY- NET of specific conditions and laws related to third party
privacy and confidentiality regulations regarding confidentiality and
consumer data protection.

All other legal contract requirements, terms and conditions must be
updated by the franchise owner under the System Settings configurable to
their local territory. Including and not limited to: Contract warranty
terms and conditions, taxes, business license information, contact
information and liability insurance details.

Acknowledgement of Risks and Limitations: It is the responsibility of
the franchise owner and employees operating the software Spray-Network
to verify price and paint volume calculations. SPRAY-NET is not
responsible for the suggested pricing and paint quantities in the
SPRAY-NETWORK. The franchise owner and employees must validate and
approve all pricing and paint volume recommendations in the Spray-
Network.

The Spray-Net is not responsible for loss or stalling of work and
operations, difference in prices and pricing, paint.

Issues with the Spray-Network that may impact a franchise owner's
operations and bottom line including and not limited to; loss of
connection to the internet, failure to use the modules as intended,
bugs, failure to refresh the cache following system updates.

Upon participating in Beta launches of new modules and features, the
franchise owner and his employee understands the risks and limitations
in consideration of their participation in a soft launch. They may
encounter an influx of user issues, bugs and issues which could impact
their operations and take on this risk to participate as a pioneer and
test user of upcoming features.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Agreement - Exhibits Training: It is
the responsibility of the franchise owner to complete all trainings
related to the Spray- Network and apply the training as outlined when
operating the Software. It is the Franchise Owner's responsibility to
train and support and onboard their employees to the Spray-Network.
Training tools and materials may be provided to employees to help
facilitate a successful training. It is the responsibility of the
Franchise Owner to notify the franchisee if they deem the training and
material deficient in any way shape or form and to request additional
training. SPRAY-NET may decline to train a Franchise Owner's employees.
It is the responsibility of the Franchise Owner to ensure their
employees are properly trained on the Spray-Network and retain any
responsibility of defect associated with misuse of the platform, by not
following the recommended steps, deviating from the appropriate methods
to submit bugs, request user support and access to the training
materials.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Agreement - Exhibits  EXHIBIT B TO
SPRAY-NET INC. FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

                           OPERATIONS MANUAL TABLE OF CONTENTS

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  TABLE OF
CONTENTS

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document ©2025 Spray-Net
Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025
Franchise Disclosure Document ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise
Disclosure Document ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure
Document ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document ©2025
Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise
Disclosure Document ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure
Document  EXHIBIT C TO SPRAY-NET INC. FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document ©2025 Spray-Net
Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025
Franchise Disclosure Document ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise
Disclosure Document ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure
Document ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document ©2025
Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document ©2025 Spray-Net Inc.
2025 Franchise Disclosure Document ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise
Disclosure Document ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure
Document ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document ©2025
Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  EXHIBIT D TO
SPRAY-NET INC. FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

                                     LIST OF STATE ADMINISTRATORS

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  LIST OF STATE
ADMINISTRATORS

California Department of Financial Protection and Kentucky Office of the
Attorney General Consumer Innovation Protection Division TOLL FREE
1-(866) 275-2677 P.O. Box 2000 Frankford, KY 40602 LA Office (502)
573-2200 320 West 4th Street, Suite 750 Los Angeles, CA 90013-2344
Maryland Office of the Attorney General (213) 576-7500 Securities
Division 200 St. Paul Place Sacramento Office Baltimore, MD 21202 2101
Arena Boulevard (410) 576-6360 Sacramento, CA 95834 (866) 275-2677
Michigan Department of the Attorney General Consumer Protection Division
San Francisco Office Attn: Franchise Section One Sansome St., #600 525
W. Ottawa Street San Francisco, CA 94104 G. Mennen Williams Building,
1st Floor (415) 972-8559 Lansing, MI 48933 (517) 373-7117 Florida
Department of Agricultural and Consumer Services Minnesota Department of
Commerce Division of Consumer Services 85 7th Place East, Suite 280 Mayo
Building, Second Floor St. Paul, MN 55101-2198 Tallahassee, Florida
32399-0800 (651) 539-1600 (904) 922-2770 Nebraska Department of Banking
and Finance Commissioner of Securities of the State of Hawaii 1200 North
Street, Suite 311 Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs P.O. Box
95006 Business Registration Division Lincoln, NE 68509-5006 335 Merchant
Street, Room 203 (402) 471-3445 Honolulu, HI 96813 (808) 586-2722 NYS
Department of Law Investor Protection Bureau Illinois Attorney General
28 Liberty Street, 21st Floor 500 South Second Street New York, NY 10005
Springfield, IL 62706 (212) 416-8222 (217) 782-4465 North Dakota
Securities Department Indiana Secretary of State State Capital, 5th
Floor Securities Division 600 East Boulevard Avenue 302 West Washington
Street, Room E-11 Bismarck, ND 58505-0510 Indianapolis, IN 46204 (701)
328-291 (317) 232-6681

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document Oregon
Department of Consumer 345 W Washington Ave., 4th Floor and Business
Services Madison, WI 53703 Division of Finance and Corporate (608)
266-8550 Securities labor and Industries 350 Winter Street, NE, Room 410
Salem, OR 97310-3881 (503) 378-4140

Director, Department of Business Regulations Rhode Island Division Of
Securities 233 Richmond Street, Suite 232 Providence, RI 02903-4232

South Dakota Division of Insurance Securities Regulation 125 S. Euclid
Suite 104 Pierre, SD 57501 (605) 773-3563

Statutory Document Section Texas Secretary of State P.O. Box 12887
Austin, TX 78711 (512) 475-1769

State of Utah Division of Consumer Protection P.O. Box 45804 Salt Lake
City, Utah 84145-0804 (801) 530-6601

State Corporation Commission Division of Securities and Retail
Franchising 1300 East Main Street, 9th Floor Richmond, VA 23219 (804)
371-9051

Washington - Mailing Department of Financial Institutions P.O. Box 41200
Olympia, WA 98504-1200 (360) 902-8760

Washington - Overnight Department of Financial Institutions 150 Israel
Rd SW Tumwater, WA 98501-6456

Wisconsin Commissioner of Securities ©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise
Disclosure Document  EXHIBIT E TO SPRAY-NET INC. FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE
DOCUMENT

                            LIST OF AGENTS FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  AGENTS FOR
SERVICE OF PROCESS

Attn: Mr. Patrick Simpson 1490 De Coulomb Boucherville, Québec Canada
J4B 7M2

California Department of Financial Protection and Commissioner of
Commerce Innovation Minnesota Department of Commerce 320 West 4th
Street, Suite 750 85 7th Place East, Suite 280 Los Angeles, CA
90013-2344 St. Paul, MN 55101-2198

Commissioner of Corporations of the Department of Secretary of State
Financial Protection and Innovation 99 Washington Avenue One Sansome
St., #600 Albany, NY 12231 San Francisco, California 94104 (415)
972-8559 North Dakota Securities Commissioner State Capitol -- 5th Floor
Commissioner of Corporations of the Department of 600 E. Boulevard
Avenue Financial Protection and Innovation Bismarck, ND 58505 2101 Arena
Boulevard Sacramento, CA 95834 Director, Department of business
Regulation Division of Securities Commissioner of Securities of the
State of HI Suite 232 Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs 233
Richmond Street Business Registration Division Providence, RI 02903-4232
335 Merchant Street, Room 203 Honolulu, HI 96813 South Dakota Director
of the Division of Insurance 124 S Euclid, Suite 104 Illinois Attorney
General Pierre, SD 57501 500 South Second Street (605) 773-3563
Springfield, IL 62706 Clerk of the State Corporation Commission Indiana
Secretary of State Tyler Building, 1st Floor Securities Division 1300
East Main Street 302 West Washington Street, Room E-111 Richmond, VA
23219 Indianapolis, IN 46204 Department of Financial Institutions
Maryland Securities Commissioner 150 Israel Rd SW Office of Attorney
General Tumwater, WA 98501-6456 Securities Division 200 St. Paul Place
Wisconsin Commissioner of Securities Baltimore, MD 21202-2020 345 West
Washington Avenue, 4th Floor Madison, WI 53703 Michigan Department of
Attorney General (608) 261-9555 Consumer Protection Division Antitrust
and Franchise Unit P.O. Box 30054, 6546 Mercantile Way Lansing, MI 48909

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  EXHIBIT F TO
SPRAY-NET INC. FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

                                     STATE SPECIFIC ADDENDA

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  SPRAY-NET INC.
CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

California Corporations Code, Section 31125 requires the franchisor to
give the franchisee a disclosure document, approved by the Department of
Financial Protection and Innovation, prior to a solicitation of a
proposed material modification of an existing franchise.

THE CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW REQUIRES THAT A COPY OF ALL
PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE BE DELIVERED
TOGETHER WITH THE OFFERING CIRCULAR.

OUR WEBSITE HAS NOT BEEN REVIEWED OR APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL PROTECTION AND INNOVATION. ANY COMPLAINTS
CONCERNING THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE MAY BE DIRECTED TO THE CALIFORNIA
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL PROTECTION AND INNOVATION AT www.dfpi.ca.gov.

THESE FRANCHISES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW
OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. SUCH REGISTRATION DOES NOT CONSTITUTE
APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION OR ENDORSEMENT BY THE COMMISSIONER OF FINANCIAL
PROTECTION AND INNOVATION NOR A FINDING BY THE COMMISSIONER THAT THE
INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN IS TRUE, COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING.

ALL THE OWNERS OF THE FRANCHISE WILL BE REQUIRED TO EXECUTE PERSONAL
GUARANTEES. THIS REQUIREMENT PLACES THE MARITAL ASSETS OF THE SPOUSES
DOMICILED IN COMMUNITY PROPERTY STATES -- ARIZONA, CALIFORNIA, IDAHO,
LOUISIANA, NEVADA, NEW MEXICO, TEXAS, WASHINGTON AND WISCONSIN AT RISK
IF YOUR FRANCHISE FAILS.

1.    The following paragraph is added to the end of Item 3 of the Disclosure Document:

Neither franchisor nor any person or franchise broker in Item 2 of this
disclosure document is subject to any currently effective order of any
national securities association or national securities exchange, as
defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78a et seq.,
suspending or expelling such persons from membership in that association
or exchange.

2.    The following paragraph is added to the end of Item 5 of the Disclosure Document:

The Department has determined that we, the franchisor, have not
demonstrated we are adequately capitalized and/or that we must rely on
franchise fees to fund our operations. The Commissioner has imposed a
fee deferral condition, which requires that we defer the collection of
all initial fees from California franchisees until we have completed all
of our pre-opening obligations and you are open for business.

2.    The following paragraph is added to the end of Item 6 of the Disclosure Document:

With respect to the Late Fee described in Item 6, this Item is amended
to disclose that the maximum rate of interest permitted under California
law is 10%.

3.    The following paragraphs are added at the end of Item 17 of the Disclosure Document:

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document The Franchise
Agreement requires franchisee to sign a general release of claims upon
renewal or transfer of the Franchise Agreement. California Corporations
Code Section 31512 provides that any condition, stipulation or provision
purporting to bind any person acquiring a franchise to waive compliance
with any provision of that law or any rule or order thereunder is void.

California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043
provide rights to the franchisee concerning termination, transfer, or
non-renewal of a franchise. If the Franchise Agreement contains a
provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control.

The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This
provision may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11
U.S.C.A. Sec. 101 et seq.).

The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends
beyond the termination of the franchise. This provision may not be
enforceable under California law.

The Franchise Agreement grants us the option to submit disputes to
mediation. The mediation will occur in New Castle, Delaware with the
costs being borne equally by Franchisor and Franchisee. Prospective
franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel to determine
the applicability of California and federal laws (such as Business and
Professions Code Section 20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281,
and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions of a franchise
agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California.

The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of Delaware.
This provision may not be enforceable under California law.

No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.
This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.

California's Franchise Investment Law (Corporations Code sections 31512
and 31512.1) states that any provision of a franchise agreement or
related document requiring the franchisee to waive specific provisions
of the law is contrary to public policy and is void and unenforceable.
The law also prohibits a franchisor from disclaiming or denying (i)
representations it, its employees, or its agents make to you, (ii) your
ability to rely on any representations it makes to you, or (iii) any
violations of the law.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  SPRAY-NET INC.
HAWAII ADDENDUM TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

THESE FRANCHISES WILL BE/HAVE BEEN FILED UNDER THE FRANCHISE INVESTMENT
LAW OF THE STATE OF HAWAII. FILING DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL,
RECOMMENDATION OR ENDORSEMENT BY THE DIRECTOR OF COMMERCE AND CONSUMER
AFFAIRS OR A FINDING BY THE DIRECTOR OF COMMERCE AND CONSUMER AFFAIRS
THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN IS TRUE, COMPLETE AND NOT
MISLEADING. THE FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW MAKES IT UNLAWFUL TO OFFER OR
SELL ANY FRANCHISE IN THIS STATE WITHOUT FIRST PROVIDING TO THE
PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEE, OR SUBFRANCHISOR, AT LEAST SEVEN DAYS PRIOR TO
THE EXECUTION BY THE PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEE, OF ANY BINDING FRANCHISE OR
OTHER AGREEMENT, OR AT LEAST SEVEN DAYS PRIOR TO THE PAYMENT OF ANY
CONSIDERATION BY THE FRANCHISEE, OR SUBFRANCHISOR, WHICHEVER OCCURS
FIRST, A COPY OF THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, TOGETHER WITH A COPY OF ALL
PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE. THIS
DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT CONTAINS A SUMMARY ONLY OF CERTAIN MATERIAL
PROVISIONS OF THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT. THE CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT SHOULD
BE REFERRED TO FOR A STATEMENT OF ALL RIGHTS, CONDITIONS, RESTRICTIONS
AND OBLIGATIONS OF BOTH THE FRANCHISOR AND THE FRANCHISEE.

Registered agent in the state authorized to receive service of process:

Commissioner of Securities 335 Merchant Street Honolulu, Hawaii 96813

Registration of franchises or filings of offering circulars in other
states. As of the date of filing of this Addendum in the State of
Hawaii: 1. A franchise registration is effective or an offering circular
is on file in the following states:

2.                         A proposed registration or filing is or will be shortly on file in the following

    states:

3.                         No states have refused, by order or otherwise to register these franchises.

4.                         No states have revoked or suspended the right to offer these franchises.

The proposed registration of these franchises has not been withdrawn in
any state.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  SPRAY-NET INC.
ILLINOIS ADDENDUM TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

To the extent the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, III. Comp. Stat.
§§705/1 -- 705/44 applies, the terms of this Addendum apply.

Item 17, Additional Disclosures. The following statements are added to
Item 17:

Illinois law governs the agreements between the parties to this
franchise.

Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any
provision in a franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction of venue
outside the State of Illinois is void. However, a franchise agreement
may provide for arbitration outside of Illinois.

Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any
condition, stipulation, or provision purporting to bind any person
acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with the Illinois Franchise
Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void.

Your rights upon termination and non-renewal of a franchise agreement
are set forth in sections 19 and 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure
Act.

The following is a revision to Item 5 of the Disclosure Document:

Due to our financial condition, the Illinois Attorney General's Office
requires that the payment of initial fees be deferred until franchisor
has satisfied its pre-opening obligations to franchisee and the
franchise is open for business.

No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise
relationship shall have the effect of: (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or
(ii) disclaiming reliance on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with
the franchise.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  SPRAY-NET INC.
ILLINOIS ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

The following are revisions to the Franchise Agreement:

1.  Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Rider
    have the meanings given in the Agreement. The "Illinois Act" means
    the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act of 1987.

2.   Governing Law and Jurisdiction. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the

    contrary, this Agreement is governed by Illinois law. The parties
    irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction and venue of the federal and
    state courts in Illinois, except for matters which the Agreement
    provides will be resolved by arbitration.

3.    Limitation of Claims. No action can be maintained to enforce any liability created by the Illinois

    Act unless brought before the expiration of 3 years from the act or
    transaction constituting the violation upon which it is based, the
    expiration of 1 year after Franchisee become aware of facts or
    circumstances reasonably indicating that Franchisee may have a claim
    for relief in respect to conduct governed by the Illinois Act, or 90
    days after delivery to the Franchisee of a written notice disclosing
    the violation, whichever shall first expire.

4.    Waivers Void. Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement to the contrary, any condition,

    stipulation, or provision purporting to bind Franchisee to waive
    compliance with any provision of the Illinois Act or any other law
    of the State of Illinois is void. This Section shall not prevent
    Franchisee from entering into a settlement agreement or executing a
    general release regarding a potential or actual lawsuit filed under
    any of the provisions of this Act, nor shall it prevent the
    arbitration of any claim under the provisions of Title 9 of the
    United States Code. No statement, questionnaire or acknowledgement
    signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the
    commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect
    of: (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law,
    including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on
    behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term
    of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

5.   Deferral. Due to our financial condition, the Illinois Attorney General’s Office requires that the

    payment of initial fees be deferred until franchisor has satisfied
    its pre-opening obligations to franchisee and the franchise is open
    for business.

6.    Effective Date. This Rider is effective as of the Effective Date.

Agreed to by:

FRANCHISOR FRANCHISEE

SPRAY-NET INC. \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ By:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Name: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Title: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  SPRAY-NET INC.
MARYLAND ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.
This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.

The following is added to Item 5:

         Based upon the franchisor's financial condition, the Maryland Securities Commissioner has
         required a financial assurance. Therefore, all initial fees and payments owed by franchisees shall
         be deferred until the franchisor completes its pre-opening obligations under the franchise
         agreement. In addition, all development fees and initial payments by area developers shall be
         deferred until the first franchise under the multi-unit development agreement opens.

The following is added to Item 17:

         The general release required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer shall not
         apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

         You may bring an action under such law within three years after the grant of the franchise.

         You have the right to file a lawsuit alleging a cause of action arising under the Maryland Franchise
         Law in any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Maryland.

         The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy of the franchisee. This
         provision may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  SPRAY-NET INC.
MARYLAND ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

Under COMAR 02-02-08-16L, the general release required as a condition of
renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer shall not apply to any
liability under the Maryland Franchise Law.

Any provision of the Agreement which provides for a period of
limitations for causes of action shall not apply to causes of action
under the Maryland Franchise Law, Business Regulation Article, §14-227,
Annotated Code of Maryland. Franchisee must bring an action under such
law within three years after the grant of the franchise.

Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement to the contrary,
Franchisee does not waive its right to file a lawsuit alleging a cause
of action arising under the Maryland Franchise Law in any court of
competent jurisdiction in the State of Maryland.

All representations requiring prospective franchisees to assent to a
release, estoppel or waiver of liability are not intended to nor shall
they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any liability incurred
under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

The undersigned hereby acknowledge and agree that this addendum is
hereby made part of and incorporated into the foregoing Franchise
Agreement.

No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.
This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.

Based upon the franchisor's financial condition, the Maryland Securities
Commissioner has required a financial assurance. Therefore, all initial
fees and payments owed by franchisees shall be deferred until the
franchisor completes its pre-opening obligations under the franchise
agreement. In addition, all development fees and initial payments by
area developers shall be deferred until the first franchise under the
multi-unit development agreement opens.

FRANCHISOR FRANCHISEE

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ By:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Name: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Title: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  SPRAY-NET INC.
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

Minnesota Statute 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(j) prohibit us
from requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring
waiver of a jury trial, or requiring the franchisee to consent to
liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes. In
addition, nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document or agreement(s)
can abrogate or reduce (1) any of the franchisee's rights as provided
for in Minnesota Statute 80C, or (2) franchisee's rights to any
procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the
jurisdiction.

With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply
with Minnesota Statute 80C.14 Subd. 3-5, which require (except in
certain specified cases) that (1) a franchisee be given 90 days' notice
of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days' notice for
non-renewal of the franchise agreement, and (2) that consent to the
transfer of the franchise will not be unreasonably withheld.

Minnesota considers it unfair to not protect the franchisee's right to
use the trademarks. Refer to Minnesota Statute 80C.14 Subd. 1(G). We
will protect the franchisee's right to use the trademarks, service
marks, trade names, logotypes, or other commercial symbols or indemnify
the franchisee from any loss, costs, or expenses arising out of any
claim, suit, or demand regarding the use of the name.

Minnesota Rules 2860.4400(D) prohibits us from requiring a franchisee to
assent to a general release.

The franchisee cannot consent to us obtaining injunctive relief. We may
seek injunctive relief. See Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(I) also, a court
will determine if a bond is required.

The Limitations of Claims section must comply with Minnesota Statute
80C.17Subd.5.

No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.
This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.

The following is added to Items 5 and 7:

Based upon the franchisor's financial condition, the Minnesota
Department of Commerce has required a financial assurance. Therefore,
all initial fees and payments owed by franchisees shall be deferred
until the franchisor completes its pre-opening obligations under the
franchise agreement.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  SPRAY-NET INC.
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

The Sections of the Franchise Agreement regarding your obligation to
execute a general release upon assignment or renewal are deleted in
their entirety in accordance with Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(D).

Section 7(M) of the Franchise Agreement is hereby amended by the
addition of the following language:

         M.       Franchisor agrees to indemnify Franchisee from and against any losses, liabilities and
                  damages for which Franchisee is held by a court of competent jurisdiction in any
                  proceeding arising solely out of Franchisee’s use of the mark “SPRAY-NET” and all other
                  trademarks, service marks and associated marks and symbols utilized by Franchisee under
                  this Agreement, provided such use is in accordance with and under the provisions of this
                  Agreement.

Section 15 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby modified to add the
following language:

                  The conditions under which this Agreement can be terminated or not renewed may be
                  affected by Minnesota law, which provides Franchisee with certain termination and non-
                  renewal rights. Minnesota State Section 80C.14 Subd. 3-5, which require, except in certain
                  specified cases, that Franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to
                  cure) and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement.

Section 21 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby modified by adding the
following language:

                  Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule Part 2860.4400J, prohibit us from requiring
                  litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring
                  the franchisee to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes.
                  In addition, nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document or agreement(s) can abrogate
                  or reduce any of your rights provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights
                  to any procedure, forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction.

No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.
This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.

Based upon the franchisor's financial condition, the Minnesota
Department of Commerce has required a financial assurance. Therefore,
all initial fees and payments owed by franchisees shall be deferred
until the franchisor completes its pre-opening obligations under the
franchise agreement.

Nothing in the Franchise Agreement is intended to abrogate or reduce any
rights of the Franchisee as provided for Minnesota Statutes, Chapter
80C.

The Franchise Agreement is hereby amended to state that the franchisee
cannot consent to us obtaining injunctive relief. We may seek injunctive
relief. See Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(I).

FRANCHISOR FRANCHISEE

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document SPRAY-NET INC.
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ By:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Title: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  SPRAY-NET INC.
NEW YORK ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT NOTICE TO
PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEES IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK

1.    The following information is added to the cover page of the Franchise Disclosure Document:

INFORMATION COMPARING FRANCHISORS IS AVAILABLE. CALL THE STATE
ADMINISTRATORS LISTED IN EXHIBIT D OR YOUR PUBLIC LIBRARY FOR SOURCES OF
INFORMATION. REGISTRATION OF THIS FRANCHISE BY NEW YORK STATE DOES NOT
MEAN THAT NEW YORK STATE RECOMMENDS IT OR HAS VERIFIED THE INFORMATION
IN THIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. IF YOU LEARN THAT ANYTHING IN THE
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT IS UNTRUE, CONTACT THE FEDERAL TRADE
COMMISSION AND THE APPROPRIATE STATE OR PROVINCIAL AUTHORITY. THE
FRANCHISOR MAY, IF IT CHOOSES, NEGOTIATE WITH YOU ABOUT ITEMS COVERED IN
THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. HOWEVER, THE FRANCHISOR CANNOT USE
THE NEGOTIATING PROCESS TO PREVAIL UPON A PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEE TO
ACCEPT TERMS WHICH ARE LESS FAVORABLE THAN THOSE SET FORTH IN THIS
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT.

2.    The following is added at the end of Item 3:

Except as provided above, with regard to the franchisor, its
predecessor, a person identified in Item 2, or an affiliate offering
franchises under the franchisor's principal trademark:

A. No such party has an administrative, criminal or civil action pending
against that person alleging: a felony, a violation of a franchise,
antitrust, or securities law, fraud, embezzlement, fraudulent
conversion, misappropriation of property, unfair or deceptive practices,
or comparable civil or misdemeanor allegations.

B. No such party has pending actions, other than routine litigation
incidental to the business, which are significant in the context of the
number of franchisees and the size, nature or financial condition of the
franchise system or its business operations.

C. No such party has been convicted of a felony or pleaded nolo
contendere to a felony charge or, within the 10 year period immediately
preceding the application for registration, has been convicted of or
pleaded nolo contendere to a misdemeanor charge or has been the subject
of a civil action alleging: violation of a franchise, antifraud, or
securities law; fraud; embezzlement; fraudulent conversion or
misappropriation of property; or unfair or deceptive practices or
comparable allegations.

D. No such party is subject to a currently effective injunctive or
restrictive order or decree relating to the franchise, or under a
Federal, State, or Canadian franchise, securities, antitrust; trade
regulation or trade practice law, resulting from a concluded or pending
action or proceeding brought by a public agency; or is subject to any
currently effective order of any national securities association or
national securities exchange, as defined in the Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934, suspending or expelling such person from membership in such
association or exchange; or is subject to a currently effective
injunctive or restrictive order relating to any other business activity
as a result of an action brought by a public agency or department,
including, without limitation, actions affecting a license as a real
estate broker or sales agent.

3.   The following is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(c), titled “Requirements

    for franchisee to renew or extend," and Item 17(m), entitled
    "Conditions for franchisor approval of transfer":

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document However, to the
extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes
of action arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the
General Business Law of the State of New York and the regulations issued
thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this proviso
that the non-waiver provisions of General Business Law Section 687.4 and
687.5 be satisfied.

4.  The following language replaces the “Summary” section of Item 17(d), titled “Termination by

    franchisee":

You may terminate the agreement on any grounds available by law.

5.  The following is added to the end of the “Summary” section of Item 17(v), titled “Choice of

    forum", and Item 17(w), titled "Choice of Law":

The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any
right conferred upon the franchisor or upon the franchisee by Article 33
of the General Business Law of the State of New York.

6.  Franchise Questionnaires and Acknowledgements--No statement,
    questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee
    in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship
    shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable
    state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii)
    disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
    franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
    franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document
    executed in connection with the franchise.

7.  Receipts--Any sale made must be in compliance with § 683(8) of the
    Franchise Sale Act (N.Y. Gen. Bus. L. § 680 et seq.), which
    describes the time period a Franchise Disclosure Document (offering
    prospectus) must be provided to a prospective franchisee before a
    sale may be made. New York law requires a franchisor to provide the
    Franchise Disclosure Document at the earlier of the first personal
    meeting, ten (10) business days before the execution of the
    franchise or other agreement, or the payment of any consideration
    that relates to the franchise relationship.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  SPRAY-NET INC.
NEW YORK ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

ALL FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS EXECUTED IN AND OPERATIVE WITHIN THE STATE OF
NEW YORK ARE HEREBY AMENDED AS FOLLOWS:

The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any
right conferred upon the franchisor or upon the franchisee by Article 33
of the General Business Law of the State of New York.

The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any
right conferred upon Franchisor or upon Franchisee by the General
Business Law of the State of New York, Article 33.

The undersigned hereby acknowledge and agree that this addendum is
hereby made part of and incorporated into the foregoing Franchise
Agreement.

FRANCHISOR FRANCHISEE

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ By:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Name: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Title: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  SPRAY-NET INC.
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT AND THE FRANCHISE
AGREEMENT

In the State of North Dakota only, this Disclosure Document and the
Franchise Agreement are amended as follows:

     THE SECURITIES COMMISSIONER HAS HELD THE FOLLOWING TO BE UNFAIR,

UNJUST OR INEQUITABLE TO NORTH DAKOTA FRANCHISEES (NDCC SECTION
51-19-09):

1.    Restrictive Covenants: Franchise disclosure documents that disclose the existence of covenants

    restricting competition contrary to NDCC Section 9-08-06, without
    further disclosing that such covenants will be subject to the
    statute.

2.    Situs of Arbitration Proceedings: Franchise agreements providing that the parties must agree to the

    arbitration of disputes at a location that is remote from the site
    of the franchisee's business.

3.   Restrictions on Forum: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the jurisdiction of courts

    outside of North Dakota.

4.   Liquidated Damages and Termination Penalties: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to

    liquidated damages or termination penalties.

5.    Applicable Laws: Franchise agreements that specify that they are to be governed by the laws of a

    state other than North Dakota.

6.    Waiver of Trial by Jury: Requiring North Dakota Franchises to consent to the waiver of a trial by

    jury.

7.   Waiver of Exemplary & Punitive Damages: Requiring North Dakota Franchisees to consent to a

    waiver of exemplary and punitive damage.

8.  General Release: Franchise Agreements that require the franchisee to sign a general release upon

    renewal of the franchise agreement.

9.   Limitation of Claims: Franchise Agreements that require the franchisee to consent to a limitation

    of claims. The statute of limitations under North Dakota law
    applies.

10.  Enforcement of Agreement: Franchise Agreements that require the franchisee to pay all costs and

    expenses incurred by the franchisor in enforcing the agreement. The
    prevailing party in any enforcement action is entitled to recover
    all costs and expenses including attorney's fees.

No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.
This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.

Based upon the franchisor's financial condition, the North Dakota
Securities Commissioner has required a financial assurance. Therefore,
all initial fees and payments owed by franchisees shall be deferred
until the franchisor completes its pre-opening obligations under the
franchise agreement.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document FRANCHISOR
FRANCHISEE

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ By:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Name: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Title: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  SPRAY-NET INC.
VIRGINIA ADDENDUM TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT AND THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

In recognition of the restrictions contained in Section 13.1-564 of the
Virginia Retail Franchising Act, the Franchise Disclosure Document and
Franchise Agreement for Spray-Net, Inc. for use in the Commonwealth of
Virginia shall be amended as follows:

    1. Additional Disclosure: The following statements are added to Item 17.h.

         Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a franchisor
         to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause. If any ground for default or termination stated in
         the franchise agreement does not constitute “reasonable cause,” as that term may be defined in the
         Virginia Retail Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia, that provision may not be enforceable.

    2. Additional Disclosure: The following statement is added to Item 5:

         “The Virginia State Corporation Commission’s Division of Securities and Retail Franchising
         requires us to defer payment of the initial franchise fee and other initial payments owed by
         franchisees to the franchisor until the franchisor has completed its pre-opening obligations under
         the franchise agreement.”

    3. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
       with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims
       under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
       reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf
       of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection
       with the franchise.

FRANCHISOR FRANCHISEE

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ By:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Name: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Title: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document WASHINGTON
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, FRANCHISE AGREEMENT,
FRANCHISEE DISCLOSURE ACKNOWLEDGMENT STATEMENT, AND RELATED AGREEMENTS

In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington
Franchise Investment Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.

RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your
relationship with the franchisor including the areas of termination and
renewal of your franchise. There may also be court decisions which may
supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the
franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your
franchise.

In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in
Washington, the arbitration or mediation site will be either in the
state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of
the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or
mediator at the time of arbitration or mediation. In addition, if
litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a franchisee may
bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the
sale of franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise
Investment Protection Act, in Washington.

A release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee may not include
rights under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any
rule or order thereunder except when executed pursuant to a negotiated
settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are
represented by independent counsel. Provisions such as those which
unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for
claims under the Act, or rights or remedies under the Act such as a
right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable.

Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the
franchisor's reasonable estimated or actual costs in effecting a
transfer.

Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and
unenforceable against an employee, including an employee of a
franchisee, unless the employee's earnings from the party seeking
enforcement, when annualized, exceed \$100,000 per year (an amount that
will be adjusted annually for inflation). In addition, a noncompetition
covenant is void and unenforceable against an independent contractor of
a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent contractor's
earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed
\$250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for
inflation). As a result, any provisions contained in the franchise
agreement or elsewhere that conflict with these limitations are void and
unenforceable in Washington.

RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or
prohibiting a franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a
franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any
employee of the franchisor. As a result, any such provisions contained
in the franchise agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in
Washington.

Based upon the franchisor's financial condition, the Securities Division
has required a financial assurance. Therefore, all initial fees and
payments owed by franchisees shall be deferred until the franchisor
completes its pre-opening obligations under the franchise agreement and
the franchisee is open for business.

The following risk factors are added to the State Cover Page:

         Use of Franchise Brokers. The franchisor uses the services of franchise brokers to assist it in
         selling franchises. A franchise broker represents the franchisor and is paid a fee for referring

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  prospects to
the franchisor and/or selling the franchise. Do not rely only on the
information provided by a franchise broker about a franchise. Do your
own investigation by contacting the franchisor's current and former
franchisees to ask them about their experience with the franchisor.

         Licensed Trademark. A primary trademark that you will use in your business is licensed by the
         franchisor from a third party not party to the Franchise Agreement between you and the franchisor.
         This license is subject to termination by the trademark holder under various circumstances which
         may be outside your control. If the franchisor’s right to use this trademark in your area is
         terminated, you may have to identify your business and its products or services with a name that
         differs from that used by other franchisees or the franchisor. This change can be expensive and may
         reduce brand recognition of the products or services you offer.

No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise
relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor,
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.
This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in
connection with the franchise.

The undersigned does hereby acknowledge receipt of this addendum.

FRANCHISOR FRANCHISEE

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ By:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Name: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Title: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document FOR RESIDENTS OF
ALL STATES LISTED IN THIS ADDENDUM

         Notwithstanding Section 22 of the Franchise Agreement, this Addendum shall not be merged with

or into, or superseded by, the Franchise Agreement or Option Agreement.
In the event of any conflict between the Franchise/Option Agreement and
this Addendum, this Addendum shall be controlling. Except as otherwise
expressly set forth herein, no other amendments or modifications of the
Franchise Agreement are intended or made by the parties.

APPLICABLE STATE: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

SPRAY-NET INC.

By:\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
Kevin Houben, SVP U.S. Operations

FRANCHISEE (IF AN INDIVIDUAL)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(Signature Above)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Print Name

OR (IF FRANCHISEE IS A BUSINESS ENTITY)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

NAME OF FRANCHISEE ENTITY

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(Signature Above)

Print Name: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Title: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  EXHIBIT G TO
SPRAY-NET INC. FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

                         LIST OF FRANCHISEES AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024

State Name Address City Zip Phone Number

AZ Mellanie Joy 3370 N. Hayden Scottsdale 85251 509-951-6960 Road, Suite
123237 CO Chris Lawhead 7570 S Franklin Centennial 80122 303-929-8040
Way CO Michelle Lewis 3989 Storm Could Castle Rock 80104 303-253-2885
Way FL Angelo Iannuzzeli 415 Cambridge Weston 33326 202-243-8903 Lane FL
James Thompson 12931 NE 38th Williston 32696 904-248-1881 Place GA Tracy
& Shanna 3351 Meadowind Marietta 30062 770-490-6685 Bracken Court NE IL
Oluwole 7832 Madison River Forest 60305 312-731-5306 Adegbulugbe Street
IN Rodney Kuhl 12249 Cultured Fishers 46037 317-408-4631 Stone Drive KY
Christopher Gordon 4036 Palmetto Lexington 40213 859-533-2915 Drive MI
Guillermo Piutalua 1147 Remington Lake Orion 48359 330-974-7142 Drive NJ
Kyle Johnson 3209 Simpson Ocean City 08226 609-364-8056 Avenue NC Josh
Gift 3907 Olde Coach Durham 27707 919-623-3231 Road NC Justin & Nicholas
5549 Centerview Raleigh 27606 704-277-2363 Demers Drive OH Jaideep
Balekar 122 Pinnacle Peak Fairfield 45014 513-376-3884 Drive OR Sam
Espindola 1203 South Newberg 9712 503-537-8053 Meridian St. SC Carrie
Darnell 5 Still Creek Court Greer 29651 608-289-3309

TN Alfonso Cruz 10621 Bald Cypress Knoxville 37922 865-466-6428 Lane TN
Brandon Mulcahy 4430 Washington Knoxville 37917 816-646-1541 Court

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  TN Josh Adams
1316 Heather Place Murfreesboro 37128 615-686-0998

TX Joe Foster 2300 Enfield Road, Austin 78703 650-704-6592 #303 TX Carlo
Boccia 3405 Crystal Hill Cedar Park 78613 914-497-7469 Drive TX Yves
Kouame 2950 E Old Settlers Round Rock 78665 404-840-1142 Amani Blvd #111
Jolene Kira TX Gregory Patuela 6 Glen Canyon San Antonio 78258
210-502-9311

TX John Yamada 14 Mohawk Path Woodlands 77389 818-216-1422 Pl. UT Trevor
Walston 14924 S. Thunder Bluffdale 84065 405-833-7005 Horse Lane UT
Roger and Gina 33 W 400 N Salem 84653 801-592-2310 Critchfield VA Ashish
Kapoor 8350 Greensboro McLean 22102 415-745-0451 Dr, #401 VA Charles
Dodd 24039 Tenbury Aldie 20105 480-268-1885 Wells Place WI Dale Tomalin
6706 Colony Drive Madison 53717 608-469-1764

    LIST OF FRANCHISEES THAT SIGNED FRANCHISE AGREEMENT BUT HAVE NOT
                       OPENED AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024

                       State                 Name                 Phone Number



                        GA                Sean Allen               770-377-5053

                         NJ           David Scott Holdren           615-05-0870

                        NY              David Varacchi             203-644-9221

                        OH                 Jon Allen               614-271-8715

                        OH                 Jon Lamb                740-412-3829

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  EXHIBIT H TO
SPRAY-NET INC. FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

LIST OF FORMER FRANCHISEES THAT LEFT OUR SYSTEM IN THE PAST FISCAL YEAR
ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2024, OR THAT HAVE FAILED TO COMMUNICATE WITH US IN
THE PAST 10 WEEKS

                       State                 Name             Phone Number



                        CO               Matthew Gibb         719-310-5629
                        FL            Charles Fiumefreddo     908-451-3123
                        FL           Paul & Yudelkis Gitman   305-968-8944
                        NC               John McKeown         828-989-8547
                        TX               Kyler Gregory        806-683-9021
                                         Dillon Heiman
                                         Jeffrey de Puzo
                        TX               Jeffrey de Puzo      909-762-8705
                                          William Wise

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  EXHIBIT I TO
SPRAY-NET INC. FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

                                     SAMPLE RELEASE AGREEMENT

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  SAMPLE FORM OF
GENERAL RELEASE

       This General Release (“Release”) is made and entered into on this day of
       , 20    (the “Effective Date”) by and between Spray-Net Inc. (“Franchisor”) and

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
("Franchisee").

                                              WITNESSETH:

        WHEREAS, Franchisor and Franchisee are parties to a franchise agreement (the “Franchise

Agreement") dated \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, 20\_\_, granting
Franchisee the right to operate a Spray-Net business under Franchisor's
proprietary marks and system at the following location: .

         NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions contained in this

Release, and other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is
hereby acknowledged by each of the parties hereto, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

         Franchisee, for itself and its successors, predecessors, assigns, beneficiaries, executors, trustees,

agents, representatives, employees, officers, directors, shareholders,
partners, members, subsidiaries and affiliates (jointly and severally,
the "Releasors"), irrevocably and absolutely releases and forever
discharges Franchisor and its successors, predecessors, assigns,
beneficiaries, executors, trustees, agents, representatives, employees,
officers, directors, shareholders, partners, members, subsidiaries and
affiliates (jointly and severally, the "Releasees"), of and from all
claims, obligations, actions or causes of action (however denominated),
whether in law or in equity, and whether known or unknown, present or
contingent, for any injury, damage, or loss whatsoever arising from any
acts or occurrences occurring as of or prior to the date of this Release
relating to the Franchise Agreement, the business operated under the
Franchise Agreement, and/or any other agreement between any of the
Releasees and any of the Releasors. The Releasors, and each of them,
also covenant not to sue or otherwise bring a claim against any of the
Releasees regarding any of the claims being released under this Release.
Releasors hereby acknowledge that this release is intended to be a full
and unconditional general release, as that phrase is used and commonly
interpreted, extending to all claims of any nature, whether or not
known, expected or anticipated to exist.

Each of the Releasors expressly acknowledges that they are familiar with
the provisions of Section 1542 of the California Civil Code which
provides as follows:

A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not
know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing a
release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his
or her settlement with the debtor.

Each of the Releasors hereby specifically and expressly waives all
rights that it may have under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code
or any similar provision of law in any other jurisdiction. This Release
shall not apply to any liability under the Maryland Franchise
Registration and Disclosure Law. Releasors acknowledge and agree that
they have read the terms of this Release, they fully understand and
voluntarily accept the terms, and that they have entered into this
Release voluntarily and without any coercion. This Release does not
apply to claims that arise under the Washington Franchise Investment
Protection Act, chapter 19.100 RCW, or the rules adopted thereunder in
accordance with RCW 19.100.220.

                                     [SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE]

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Release as of the
Effective Date.

FRANCHISOR FRANCHISEE

By: By:

Name: Name:

Title: Title:

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  EXHIBIT J TO
SPRAY-NET INC. FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

                                     STATE EFFECTIVE DATES

The following states require that the Franchise Disclosure Document be
registered or filed with the state, or be exempt from registration:
California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota,
New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington
and Wisconsin.

This Franchise Disclosure Document is registered, on file or exempt from
registration in the following states having franchise registration and
disclosure laws if an effective date is noted below for the state:

                         State                                           Effective Date
                      California
                        Hawaii
                        Illinois
                        Indiana
                       Maryland
                       Michigan
                      Minnesota
                      New York
                     North Dakota
                     Rhode Island
                     South Dakota
                       Virginia
                      Washington
                      Wisconsin

Other states may require registration, filing, or exemption of a
franchise under other laws, such as those that regulate the offer and
sale of business opportunities or seller-assisted marketing plans.

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  EXHIBIT K TO
SPRAY-NET INC. FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT

                                          RECEIPTS

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  RECEIPT (OUR
COPY)

This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise
agreement and other information in plain language. Read this disclosure
document and all agreements carefully.

If Spray-Net Inc. offers you a franchise, it must provide this
disclosure document to you fourteen (14) calendar-days before you sign a
binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the franchisor or an
affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale or grant.

New York and Rhode Island require that we give you this disclosure
document at the earlier of the first personal meeting or ten (10)
business days before the execution of the franchise or other agreement
or the payment of any consideration that relates to the franchise
relationship. Michigan, Oregon, and Wisconsin require that we give you
this disclosure document at least ten (10) business days before the
execution of any binding franchise or other agreement or the payment of
any consideration, whichever occurs first.

If Spray-Net Inc. does not deliver this disclosure document on time or
if it contains a false or misleading statement, or a material omission,
a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred and should be
reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, DC 20580 and your
State Administrator listed in Exhibit D to this Franchise Disclosure
Document. A list of franchisor's agents registered to receive service of
process is listed in Exhibit F.

Issuance Date: April 21, 2025

I have received a Franchise Disclosure Document with an Issuance Date of
April 21, 2025, which contained the following Exhibits:

A: Franchise Agreement F: State Specific Addenda B: Operations Manual
Table of Contents G: List of Franchises C: Financial Statements H: List
of Former Franchisees D: List of State Administrators I: Sample Release
Agreement E: List of Agents for Service of Process J: State Effective
Dates K: Receipts

The name, principal business address and telephone number of each
franchise seller offering the franchise: Kevin Houben, Patrick Simpson
and Carmelo Marsala, 1490 De Coulomb, Boucherville, Quebec, Canada J4B
7M2, 877-457-7729.

If an individual: If a Partnership, Corporation or Limited Liability
Corporation: By:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
Name of Entity:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Print Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ By:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
Print Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
Telephone Number: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document  RECEIPT (YOUR
COPY)

This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise
agreement and other information in plain language. Read this disclosure
document and all agreements carefully.

If Spray-Net Inc. offers you a franchise, it must provide this
disclosure document to you fourteen (14) calendar-days before you sign a
binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the franchisor or an
affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale or grant.

New York and Rhode Island require that we give you this disclosure
document at the earlier of the first personal meeting or ten (10)
business days before the execution of the franchise or other agreement
or the payment of any consideration that relates to the franchise
relationship. Michigan, Oregon, and Wisconsin require that we give you
this disclosure document at least ten (10) business days before the
execution of any binding franchise or other agreement or the payment of
any consideration, whichever occurs first.

If Spray-Net Inc. does not deliver this disclosure document on time or
if it contains a false or misleading statement, or a material omission,
a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred and should be
reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, DC 20580 and your
State Administrator listed in Exhibit D to this Franchise Disclosure
Document. A list of franchisor's agents registered to receive service of
process is listed in Exhibit E.

Issuance Date: April 21, 2025

I have received a Franchise Disclosure Document with an Issuance Date of
April 21, 2025, which contained the following Exhibits:

A: Franchise Agreement F: State Specific Addenda B: Operations Manual
Table of Contents G: List of Franchises C: Financial Statements H: List
of Former Franchisees D: List of State Administrators I: Sample Release
Agreement E: List of Agents for Service of Process J: State Effective
Dates K: Receipts

The name, principal business address and telephone number of each
franchise seller offering the franchise: Kevin Houben, Patrick Simpson
and Carmelo Marsala, 1490 De Coulomb, Boucherville, Quebec, Canada J4B
7M2, 877-457-7729.

If an individual: If a Partnership, Corporation or Limited Liability By:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
Corporation:

Print Name: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name
of Entity: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
By:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Telephone Number: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Print Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

                                                   Date: _____________________________________

©2025 Spray-Net Inc. 2025 Franchise Disclosure Document 
